




  










PFGC




×

        This website uses cookies. We use cookies in order to personalize content and ads and to analyze our web traffic.  We may share this data with our third party analytics and advertising partners. For further information on cookies we use and your options to opt out, please see our cookie policy.
      

Accept Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info
Back
Confirm Opt-Out








About



History
Locations
Leadership
Making a Difference
News




Segments



Foodservice
Vistar
Convenience




Corporate Responsibility



Investors



Careers



Benefits
Job Search
Our People
Why PFG




Connect



Contact Us
Social Media



























Cookie Policy





Last Updated: January 26, 2022

This Cookie Policy applies to Performance Food Group, Inc. (“we,” “our,” or “us”), and describes how we use cookies and similar technologies on our website (the “Website”). This Cookie Policy explains what Cookies are, how we use Cookies, how third parties with whom we may partner may use Cookies on our Website, and your choices regarding Cookies.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer or other device. They are widely used to make websites work or improve the efficiency of a website. Cookies help with website functionality and user experience because websites can read and write to these text files, enabling the site to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient (e.g., by remembering your language or font preference settings). Cookies also allow us to collect information about the pages you view on our website, which we and our advertising partners use to show you relevant ads for products and services when you browse the internet or use social media.
Cookies Used By Our Website
The cookies used by our Website include the following:
Strictly Necessary Cookies. These are Cookies required for the operation of our Website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of our Website. The Cookies used by our Website may change, but below are some examples of Strictly Necessary Cookies that our Website may use, including the retention periods for such Cookies.





 Cookie Name
Cookie Type
Description
Expiration


SEARCH_SAMESITE
Google.com
Allow servers to mitigate
            the risk of CSRF and
            information leakage attacks
            by asserting that a particular
            cookie should only be sent
            with requests initiated from
            the same registrable domain.
5 Months 2 days




Analytical Cookies. These Cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to our Website and to see how visitors navigate our Website. This helps us improve the way our Website works, for example, by ensuring that users can easily find what they are looking for. The Cookies used by our Website may change, but below are some examples of Analytical Cookies that our Website may use, including the retention periods for such Cookies.
 




 Cookie Name
Cookie Type
Description
Expiration


_ga_*
Google Analytics
            Cookie
Stores and counts
            pageviews for
            statistical purposes.
2 years


 _gat_gtag_UA*
 Google Analytics
            Cookie
 Stores unique user ID
 1 minute


 _ga
Google Analytics
            Persistent Cookie
 Used to count and
            track page views
2 years


 _gid
Google Analytics
            Cookie
Used to count and
            track page views
1 day


 OTZ
Google Analytics
            Cookie
Used to provide an
            aggregate analysis of
            Website visitors.
30 days


 1P_JAR
Google Analytics
            Cookie
Used to gather website
            statistics and track
            conversion rates.
30 days



 
Performance/Functionality Cookies. These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Website. Functionality Cookies enable us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (e.g., your choice of language or region). The Cookies used by our Website may change, but below are some examples of Functionality Cookies that our Website may use, including the retention periods for such Cookies.
 




 Cookie Name
Cookie Type
Description
Expiration


SC_ANALYTICS_
            GLOBAL_COOKIE
Sitecore Digital
            Experience Platform
            Persistent Cookie
This cookie helps us
            to identify repeat
            visitors to our website.
1 year after the last
            page request from the
            solution by the web
            client


 DV
Google.com
 This cookie is used to
            save the user's preferences
            and other information. This
            includes in particular the
            preferred langauge, the number
            of search results to be displayed
            on the page as well as the decision
            as to whether the Google SafeSearch
            filter should be activated or not.
 7 minutes


 NID
Google.com
 This cookie contains a
            unique ID Google uses
            to remember your preferences and
            other information, such as your
            preferred language (e.g. English),
            how many search results you
            wish to have shown per page
            (e.g. 10 or 20), and whether
            or not you wish to have Google's
            SageSearch filter turned on.
 6 months


 SIDCC
Google.com 
This cookie is used as a security
            measure to protect users' data
            from unauthorized access.
6 months



 
Targeting/Advertising Cookies. These Cookies record your visits to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our Website and advertisements more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use Cookies on their websites, over which we have no control. The Cookies used by our Website may change, but below are some examples of Targeting Cookies that our Website may use, including the retention periods for such Cookies.
 




 Cookie Name
Cookie Type
Description
Expiration


APISID
            SAPISID
            SSID
Targeting/Advertising
These cookies are used by
            Google to display
            personalized advertisements
            on Google sites, based on recent
            searches and previous interactions.
            SSID, APISID, and SAPISID cookies
            enable Google to collect your 
            information for videos hosted by
            YouTube.
2 years


_Secure-3PSID
            _Secure-1PSID
            _Secure-3PAPISID
            _Secure-1PAPISID
            _Secure-3PSIDCC
 Targeting/Advertising
 Used by for targeting
            purposes to build a profile
            of the website visitor's interests
            in order to show relevant and
            personalized Google advertising
 2 years



 
How to Manage, Disable or Opt-Out of Cookies Used By This Site 
You may refuse, accept, or remove Cookies from our Website at any time via the Cookie preferences setting on your browser. Please refer to www.allaboutcookies.com for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if Cookies are disabled or removed, not all features of our Website may operate as intended.

To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

If you have questions or would like further information, please do not hesitate to contact us via our Contact Us Form. 



 
 








                        Corporate
                        


Performance Food Group
12500 West Creek Parkway
Richmond, VA 23238
(804) 484-7700
Our Locations






                        Contact
                        


Media
Connect With Us

Additional Inquiries
Contact Us






                        Segments
                        


Foodservice Distribution National Chain Distribution Vistar Convenience






                        Links
                        


About
Our Segments
Investors
Press Releases
Careers
Connect






Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | California Privacy Policy | Notice at Collection | Cookie Policy | Supplier Terms & Conditions | Contact Us | © Copyright 2022 Performance Food Group
    









