





















































Cookie policy - ISO, certification, standards | BSI
































Skip to main content







Media centre
Careers
Contact us



        Select country and language
    



United Kingdom






        Other useful links
    

Media centre
Careers
Contact us


 









Making excellence a habit









                                 Search BSI
                            



                                  Verify a certificate
                            







 X 

Search for 

Search BSI
Verify a certificate


Close










                                    Standards
                                



Standards

...

X



GO






Popular



                                                            Quality management >                                                                                                                                ISO 9001 






                                                            Quality management for medical devices >                                                                                                                                ISO 13485 






                                                            Environmental management >                                                                                                                                ISO 14001 






                                                            Business continuity >                                                                                                                                ISO 22301 






                                                            Information security >                                                                                                                                ISO/IEC 27001 






                                                            Occupational health and safety >                                                                                                                                ISO 45001 (OHSAS 18001) 




View all standards >





Access and buy standards



                                                        How to access standards >                                                                                                            





                                                        Buy standards >                                                                                                            





                                                        Standards subscriptions >                                                                                                            





                                                        BSI Knowledge >                                                                                                                        Full standards collections  






                                                        Compliance Navigator >                                                                                                                        Medical device standards 






                                                        Eurocodes PLUS >                                                                                                                        Structural design standards 






                                                        BSI Membership >                                                                                                                        Knowledge centre, events and discounts 







About standards



                                                            What are standards? >                                                                                                                                How they enable better business 






                                                            The role of BSI >                                                                                                                                UK Standards Organization, ISO, IEC, CEN, CENELEC, ETSI 






                                                            Get involved >                                                                                                                                Become a standards maker, join a committee 






                                                            Have your say >                                                                                                                                Propose or comment on a standard 






                                                            Consumer alerts >                                                                                                                                Know which products have been recalled 







Working with standards 



                                                        Business and industry >                                                                                                            





                                                        Government >                                                                                                            





                                                        Education >                                                                                                                        Supporting students, research programmes, and young professionals 






                                                        Consumers and standards >                                                                                                                        Making consumers’ lives safer, fairer and better 











 




                                    Services
                                

Services 

...

X






Standards and information



                                                            Access and buy standards >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Develop a standard >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Online subscription services >                                                                                                                                BSI Knowledge, Compliance Navigator, Eurocodes PLUS, BSI Membership 






                                                            Knowledge services >                                                                                                                                Shaping strategies, creating new standards and frameworks, research and insights and consultancy advisory services 







Auditing, certification and training



                                                        Assessment, ISO certification and others: IATF, FSSC... >                                                                                                            





                                                        Auditing and verification >                                                                                                            





                                                        Product testing and certification >                                                                                                                        BSI Kitemark, CE marking and verification, Market access solutions 






                                                        Validate BSI-issued certificates >                                                                                                            










                                                            Training courses >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Medical devices services >                                                                                                                    





                                                            BSI Connect >                                                                                                                                Software tools and solutions for audit, risk, compliance and supply chain management 







Consulting practices



                                                        Digital trust >                                                                                                            





                                                        Standards consulting >                                                                                                                        Our consultants can shape your strategies for standardization and business improvement 






                                                        Supply chain management >                                                                                                            



View all BSI services >






 
 




                                    Sectors
                                

Sectors 

...

X









                                                            Built environment >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Government >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Manufacturing >                                                                                                                    









                                                        Energy >                                                                                                            





                                                        Healthcare >                                                                                                            





                                                        Transport and mobility >                                                                                                            









                                                            Food and retail >                                                                                                                    





                                                            ICT >                                                                                                                    









 




                                    Topics
                                

Topics 

...

X






Industry reports, research and news



                                                            COVID-19 >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Digital construction >                                                                                                                                BIM, smart cities and connected assets 






                                                            Future of mobility >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Global market access >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Health, safety and well-being >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Information security >                                                                                                                                Cybersecurity, privacy (GDPR) and compliance 











                                                        Innovation >                                                                                                            





                                                        Internet of things (IoT) >                                                                                                            





                                                        Organizational resilience >                                                                                                            





                                                        Prioritizing people >                                                                                                            





                                                        Sustainability >                                                                                                            





                                                           - Circular economy >                                                                                                            





                                                           - Net zero >                                                                                                            



View all topics >





Blogs



                                                            Built environment >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Digital trust >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Food industry >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Healthcare >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Medical devices >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Small business >                                                                                                                    



View all blogs >











                                        About
                                    

About 

...

X









                                                            About BSI >                                                                                                                    





                                                            BSI impartiality >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Our accreditation >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Our clients and partners >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Our financial information >                                                                                                                    









                                                        Our governance >                                                                                                            





                                                        Our legal information >                                                                                                            





                                                        Our purpose, mission and vision >                                                                                                            





                                                        Our Royal Charter >                                                                                                            





                                                        UK National Standards body >                                                                                                                        The global role of BSI as the national standards body 










                                                            Careers >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Events and webinars >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Media centre >                                                                                                                    





                                                            Sustainability >                                                                                                                                Modern slavery statement 






                                                            Contact us >                                                                                                                    














Media centre
Careers
Contact us



        Select country and language
    



United Kingdom






        Other useful links
    

Media centre
Careers
Contact us


 

 





GO
















































 Home


 About


 Legal information - Policies, statements, terms and conditions

Cookie policy - ISO, certification, standards



SHARE

 












Cookie policy


The British Standards Institution (“BSI”) takes your privacy very seriously and respects the importance of security on the internet.
BSI websites use cookies and similar technologies for various purposes including to distinguish you from other users of our websites. By continuing to use our websites, you agree to our Cookie Policy.
What cookies do we use?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information. They are downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website. They don’t tell us who you are but they do enable us to recognise your device and where you have made various preferences or actions they enable us to remember them.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between web pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your experience of our websites. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
The cookies used on BSI websites have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. Here are the main types of cookies we use and why we use them:

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of our websites. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like BSOL or e-shop and e-billing, cannot be provided.

Performance Cookies

These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. For instance, they tell us which pages you visit most often, and if you receive any error messages from our web pages. These cookies do not identify you. All information they collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. We use these cookies to measure and analyse how our customers use our websites and to improve their functionality and the user experience.

Functionality Cookies

These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, personalised features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to customisable parts of our websites including text size and font. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.

Targeting and Advertising Cookies

These cookies are used to deliver adverts and communications more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
We only use the types of cookies described above. We don’t use so-called ‘specialist cookies’.
Disabling Cookies
BSI websites are designed to function optimally with cookies enabled. You can, however, disable cookies via your website browser settings. This may mean, however, that you may no longer have access to some of our website features. Please note that even with all cookies disabled, a tiny amount of information will continue to be retrieved from your web browser. This information is necessary for the basic functioning of our website.
Changes to our Cookie Policy
We may change this Cookie Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and in some cases by adding notices on our homepage or other websites or sending you email updates (where data protection laws allow this).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Cookie Policy you can contact us at:
PrivacyTeam@bsigroup.com
Issue Date: May 2018 















SHARE






























 







 

Find a Standard

ISO 9001 Quality Management
ISO 13485 Quality Management
ISO 14001 Environmental Management
ISO 22301 Business continuity
ISO/IEC 27001 Information security
ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety
ISO 50001 Energy Management
ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System
View all standards



Services 

Access and buy standards
Develop a standard
Online subscription services
Standards services
Assessment and ISO certification
Auditing and verification
Product testing and certification
Validate BSI-issued certificates
Training courses
Medical devices services
BSI Connect
Digital trust
View all services



Sectors 

Built environment
Energy
Food and retail
Government
Healthcare
ICT
Manufacturing
Transport and mobility



Topics

Future of mobility
Global market access
Health and safety
Information security
Innovation
Internet of things (IoT)
Organizational Resilience
Prioritizing people
Sustainability
   - Circular economy
   - Net zero
View all topics
Built Environment
Digital trust
Food Industry
View all blogs



About 

About BSI
BSI impartiality
Our accreditation
Our clients and partners
Our financial information
Our governance
Our legal information
Our purpose, mission and vision
Our Royal Charter
UK National Standards body
Events and webinars
Sustainability
Modern Slavery Statement (PDF)


Contact BSI
+44 345 080 9000
 


 






Site Policy:

Privacy notice
Cookie policy
Terms of use
Accessibility
Site map

© The British Standards Institution 2022


Impartiality is the governing principle of how BSI provides its services. Impartiality means acting fairly and equitably in its dealings with people and in all business operations. It means decisions are made free from any engagements of influences which could affect the objectivity of decision making. As an accredited certification body, BSI Assurance cannot offer certification to clients where they have also received consultancy from another part of the BSI Group for the same management system. Likewise, we do not offer consultancy to clients when they also seek certification to the same management system. The British Standards Institution (BSI, a company incorporated by Royal Charter), performs the National Standards Body (NSB) activity in the UK. BSI, together with its Group Companies, also offers a broad portfolio of business solutions other than NSB activity that help businesses worldwide to improve results through Standards-based best practice (such as certification, self-assessment tool, software, product testing, information products and training). 

 
 
 






















































By clicking “Accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Accept all cookiesReject cookiesThe British Standards Institution (“BSI”) takes your privacy very seriously and respects the importance of security on the internet.
BSI websites use cookies and similar technologies for various purposes including to distinguish you from other users of our websites. By continuing to use our websites, you agree to our cookie policy.
What cookies do we use?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information. They are downloaded to your computer or device when you visit a website. They don’t tell us who you are but they do enable us to recognise your device and where you have made various preferences or actions they enable us to remember them.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between web pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your experience of our websites. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
The cookies used on BSI websites have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. Here are the main types of cookies we use and why we use them.
Disabling cookies
BSI websites are designed to function optimally with cookies enabled. You can, however, disable cookies via your website browser settings. This may mean, however, that you may no longer have access to some of our website features. Please note that even with all cookies disabled, a tiny amount of information will continue to be retrieved from your web browser. This information is necessary for the basic functioning of our website.
Changes to our cookie policy
We may change this cookie policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date on this policy and in some cases by adding notices on our homepage or other websites or sending you email updates (where data protection laws allow this).
Contact us
If you have any questions about our cookie policy you can contact us at:
PrivacyTeam@bsigroup.com
Issue Date: May 2018Allow all and close Manage consent preferencesFunctional cookies  Functional cookies These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, personalised features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to customisable parts of our websites including text size and font. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.Cookies details‎Targeting cookies  Targeting cookies These cookies are used to deliver adverts and communications more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.

We only use the types of cookies described above. We don’t use so-called ‘specialist cookies’.Cookies details‎Strictly necessary cookiesAlways activeThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our websites and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of our websites. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like BSOL or e-shop and e-billing, cannot be provided.Cookies details‎Performance cookies  Performance cookies These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. For instance, they tell us which pages you visit most often, and if you receive any error messages from our web pages. These cookies do not identify you. All information they collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. We use these cookies to measure and analyse how our customers use our websites and to improve their functionality and the user experience.Cookies details‎Back ButtonPerformance Cookies  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelView CookiesNamecookie name Save these preferences