
















Joomag Privacy Statement

























Powered by CookiebotConsentDetails[#IABV2SETTINGS#]AboutOur Sites use cookiesWe use cookies to make Joomag's website a better place. Cookies help to provide a more personalized experience and relevant advertising for you, and web analytics for us. To learn more about the different cookies we're using, check out our Cookie Policy. Consent SelectionNecessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Show detailsNecessary  9 Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.Cookiebot1Learn more about this providerCookieConsentStores the user's cookie consent state for the current domainExpiry: 1 yearType: HTTPGoogle2Learn more about this providerintercom-id-#Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Expiry: 270 daysType: HTTPintercom-session-#Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function. Expiry: 6 daysType: HTTPJoomag3Learn more about this provider__csrf_tokenThis cookie is used by Cloudflare to identify trusted web traffic.Expiry: SessionType: HTTPintercom.played-notificationsUsed by the website to determine which support notifications the user has been shown.Expiry: SessionType: HTMLPHP_JOOMAG_SESSIONHolds information for caching and performance purposes.Expiry: SessionType: HTTPLinkedIn1Learn more about this providerli_gcStores the user's cookie consent state for the current domainExpiry: 179 daysType: HTTPplay.google.comwww.youtube.com2CONSENT [x2]Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website.  Expiry: 2 yearsType: HTTPPreferences  4 Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.Google1Learn more about this providerintercom.intercom-state-#Remembers whether the user has minimized or closed chat-box or pop-up messages on the website.  Expiry: PersistentType: HTMLpx.ads.linkedin.comwww.joomag.com3lang [x3]Remembers the user's selected language version of a websiteExpiry: SessionType: HTTPStatistics  13 Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.Adobe Inc.1Learn more about this providerp.gifKeeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Expiry: SessionType: PixelGoogle6Learn more about this providercollectUsed to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.Expiry: SessionType: Pixel_dc_gtm_UA-#Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTP_gaRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.Expiry: 2 yearsType: HTTP_ga_#Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry: 2 yearsType: HTTP_gatUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rateExpiry: 1 dayType: HTTP_gidRegisters a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTPJoomag2Learn more about this provider_ja._Stores Joomag analytical data on how a visitor interacts with a Joomag publication.Expiry: PersistentType: HTMLubvtCollects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.Expiry: 2 daysType: HTTPLeadfeeder1Learn more about this providerhttps://#.#/Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Expiry: SessionType: PixelLinkedIn1Learn more about this providerAnalyticsSyncHistoryUsed in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Expiry: 29 daysType: HTTPNew Relic1Learn more about this providerJSESSIONIDUsed to store a session identifier so that New Relic can monitor session counts for an application.Expiry: SessionType: HTTPSmartlook1Learn more about this providerSL_C_23361dd035530_DOMAINCollects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.Expiry: SessionType: HTTPMarketing  33 Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc.1Learn more about this provider_fbpUsed by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.Expiry: 3 monthsType: HTTPAdroll Group3Learn more about this provider__adroll_consentSet and used by AdRoll service for marketing purposesExpiry: 1 yearType: HTTP__adroll_fpcSet and used by AdRoll service for marketing purposesExpiry: 1 yearType: HTTP__ar_v4Set and used by AdRoll service for marketing purposesExpiry: 1 yearType: HTTPGoogle7Learn more about this providerIDEUsed by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.Expiry: 1 yearType: HTTPpagead/landing [x2]Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Expiry: SessionType: Pixeltest_cookieUsed to check if the user's browser supports cookies.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTPads/ga-audiencesUsed by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.Expiry: SessionType: Pixelpagead/1p-user-list/#Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.Expiry: SessionType: Pixel_gcl_auUsed by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.  Expiry: 3 monthsType: HTTPHubspot6Learn more about this provider__cf_bmThis cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTP__ptq.gifSends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.Expiry: SessionType: Pixel__hsscIdentifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTP__hssrcUsed to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.Expiry: SessionType: HTTP__hstcSets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.Expiry: 179 daysType: HTTPhubspotutkSets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.Expiry: 179 daysType: HTTPJoomag1Learn more about this provider#URL#Necessary for the implementation of Instagram picture-gallery onto the website. Expiry: SessionType: HTMLLinkedIn4Learn more about this providerbcookieUsed by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.Expiry: 1 yearType: HTTPbscookieUsed by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.Expiry: 1 yearType: HTTPlidcUsed by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTPUserMatchHistoryEnsures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.   Expiry: 29 daysType: HTTPSmartlook6Learn more about this providerSL_C_23361dd035530_KEYCollects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.Expiry: 13 monthsType: HTTPSL_C_23361dd035530_SIDCollects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.Expiry: 13 monthsType: HTTPSL_C_23361dd035530_VIDCollects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.Expiry: 13 monthsType: HTTPSL_L_23361dd035530_KEYCollects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.Expiry: PersistentType: HTMLSL_L_23361dd035530_SIDCollects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.Expiry: PersistentType: HTMLSL_L_23361dd035530_VIDCollects statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.Expiry: PersistentType: HTMLYouTube2Learn more about this providerVISITOR_INFO1_LIVETries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.Expiry: 179 daysType: HTTPYSCRegisters a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.Expiry: SessionType: HTTPsc.lfeeder.com3_lfaUsed in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.Expiry: 2 yearsType: HTML_lfa_expiryContains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Expiry: PersistentType: HTML_lfa_test_cookie_storedUsed in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.Expiry: 1 dayType: HTTPUnclassified  0Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.We do not use cookies of this type.Cross-domain consent[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] [#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]List of domains your consent applies to: [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]Cookie declaration last updated on 10/25/22 by Cookiebot[#IABV2_TITLE#][#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#][#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#][#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#][#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#][#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#][#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#][#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#][#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#][#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#][#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#][#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#][#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.Many jurisdictions require or recommend that website operators inform users/visitors as to the nature of cookies they utilize and, in certain circumstances, obtain the consent of their users to the placement of certain cookies.This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent. [#OOI_PERSONAL_INFORMATION#]Use necessary cookies only Allow selection Customize Allow all cookiesPowered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics













Toggle navigation

X







Solutions


Content Marketing
Corporate Communications
Digital Publishing
Sales Enablement




Features



Pricing




                                Case Studies                            


Resources



E-book
Youtube Channel
Blog
White Papers
Help Center




Showcase








                                    Eng                                

Deutsch
Español
Русский
Français
Português (Brasil)
中文



Log In


Get Demo










Privacy Policy
Updated as of Apr 20, 2020



            At Joomag, privacy is a priority. This Privacy Policy sets out how Joomag, Inc. and its subsidiaries and
            affiliated companies (“Joomag”, “we”, “our”, or
            “us”) collect and use information from customers and other individuals who access or use
            our websites, including joomag.com (“Sites”), our mobile applications
            (“Applications”), and/or any of our other sites, products, or services that link to this
            Privacy Policy (collectively “Services”). By using our Services, you understand that we
            will collect and use your information as described in this Privacy Policy (collectively “you”).
        

            If you or your organization has an individual agreement with us, that agreement may have privacy terms that
            also apply to the information you provide to us under that agreement. Please review the terms in that
            agreement because they may be different or more restrictive than the terms in this Privacy Policy.
        

            This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) does not apply to any third-party websites and apps that you may use,
            including any that are linked to in our Services. You should review the terms and policies for third-party
            websites and apps before clicking on any links.
        


Scope of This Policy

            In this Policy, personal information means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural
            person. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by
            reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, and online identifier or
            to one or more factors specific to his/her physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or
            social identity. The use of information collected through our Service shall be limited to the purpose of
            providing the Service for which the Customer has engaged.
        

            With the exception of Account and Registration Information (as defined below), Payment Information (as
            defined below) and other information we collect in connection with your registration or authentication into
            our Services (as defined below), this Policy does not apply to our security and privacy practices in
            connection with your access to and use of the Services. These security and privacy practices, including how
            we protect, collect, and use electronic data, text, messages, communications or other materials submitted to
            and stored within the Services by you (“Service Data”), are detailed in and governed by our
            Terms of Service, available here, or such other applicable
            agreement between you and any member of Joomag
            relating to your access to and use of such Services (collectively referred to as the
            “Service Agreement”). For the purposes of this Policy, “Customer” shall
            refer to an individual or an entity that has entered into a Service Agreement with us for use of our
            Services.
        

            Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable
            laws and regulations, as well as any and all privacy policies, agreements or other obligations, relating to
            the collection of personal information in connection with the use of our Services by individuals (also
            referred to as “data subjects”) with whom our Customers interact. If you are an individual who interacts
            with a Customer using our Services, then you will be directed to contact our Customer for assistance with
            any requests or questions relating to your personal information.
        

            We collect information under the direction of our Customers and have no direct relationship with individuals
            whose personal information we process in connection with our Customer’s use of our Services. If you are an
            individual who interacts with a Customer using our Services (such as a client of one of our Customers) and
            would either like to amend your contact information or no longer wish to be contacted by one of our
            Customers that use our Services, please contact the Customer that you interact with directly.
        

            We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our Services. Transfers to subsequent
            third parties for these purposes are governed by the Service Agreements with our Customers.
        


Information That You Provide to Us
Account and Registration Information

            This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally,
            including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and
            other information about yourself or your business. Account and Registration Information can also include
            information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Sites and Applications,
            and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and
            Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
        
Payment Information

            We collect and process payment information from you when you purchase or use Services, including credit
            cards numbers and billing information, using third-party intermediary PCI-compliant service providers. These
            intermediaries are not permitted to store, retain, or use your billing information for any purpose except
            for credit card processing on our behalf.
        


Information That We Collect from You
When You Visit our Sites or Use our Applications

            When you visit our Sites or use our Applications, some information is automatically collected. This may
            include information such as the Operating System (OS) running on your device, Internet Protocol (IP) address
            (which may be used to obtain your geolocation), access times, browser type, time zone, and language, and the
            website you visited before our Sites. We also collect information about how you use Joomag’s Sites,
            Applications and Services, including the elements you have interacted with, metadata and other details about
            these elements, clicks, change states and other user actions.
        
When You Use our Applications

            We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Applications on
            your mobile device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the
            events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was
            downloaded from. In addition to information we collect on our Sites, when you use our Applications we may
            also collect your city location, device model and version, device identifier (or “UDID”), OS version, and
            your Joomag credentials.
        

            We send push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events or promotions. If you no
            longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
        
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

            We and our authorized partners may use cookies and other information gathering technologies for a variety of
            purposes. These technologies may provide us with personal information, information about devices and
            networks you utilize to access our Sites, and other information regarding your interactions with our Sites.
            For detailed information about the use of cookies in the Sites, please read and review our Cookie Policy
            found here.
        

            We partner with third parties to either display advertising on the Sites or to manage our advertising on
            other sites. Our third-party partners may also use technologies such as cookies to gather information about
            your activities on our Sites and other sites in order to suggest advertisements based upon your browsing
            activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you
            interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
            here (or if located in the European Economic Area you may
            opt-in the use of cookies, by clicking here).
        

            Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used on our Sites or in email or other electronic communications we
            send to you. These assist us in delivering cookies, counting visits to our Sites, understanding usage and
            campaign effectiveness and determining whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive
            reports based on the use of these technologies by our third-party service providers on an individual and
            aggregated basis.
        

            We use Local Storage Objects (“LSOs”) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Various
            browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. Third parties with whom we partner to
            provide certain features on our Sites or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use
            LSOs such as HTML5 to collect and store information.
        
Logs

            As is true with most websites and services delivered over the Internet, we gather certain information and
            store it in log files when you interact with our Sites and Services. This information includes internet
            protocol (IP) addresses as well as browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages,
            operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences,
            identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration
            information. Occasionally, we connect personal information to information gathered in our log files as
            necessary to improve our Sites and Services. In such a case, we would treat the combined information in
            accordance with this Policy.
        


Information Collected from Other Sources
Information from Third Party Services

            We may also obtain other information, including personal information, from third parties and combine that
            with information we collect through our Sites and Applications. For example, we may have access to certain
            information from a third party social media or authentication service if you log into our Services through
            such a service or otherwise provide us with access to information from the service. Any access that we may
            have to such information from a third party social media or authentication service is in accordance with the
            authorization procedures determined by that service. By authorizing us to connect with a third-party
            service, you authorize us to access and store your name, email address(es), current city, profile picture
            URL, and other personal information that the third-party service makes available to us, and to use and
            disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on these third-party
            services to understand and change the information sent to us through these services. For example, you can
            log in to the Services using sign-in services provided by Google or an Open ID provider, as further
            described below.
        
Single Sign-On

            You can log into certain Services using sign-in services provided by Facebook, Twitter, Google, LinkedIn,
            Microsoft or an Open ID and SAML providers. These services will authenticate your identity, provide you with the
            option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and pre-populate
            our registration form. Services like those provided by Facebook give you the option to post information
            about your activities in the Services to your profile page to share with others within your network.
        


How We Use Information That We Collect
General Uses

            We may use the information we collect about you (including personal information, to the extent applicable)
            for a variety of purposes, including to (a) provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Services;
            (b) enable you to access and use the Services; (c) process and complete transactions, and send you related
            information, including purchase confirmations and invoices; (d) send transactional messages, including
            responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you
            technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; (e) send promotional
            communications, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys,
            newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events; and provide other news or information about us and
            our partners. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting us at
            privacy@joomag.com or following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications; (f)
            process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards; (g) monitor and analyze trends, usage, and
            activities in connection with the Sites, Applications and Services and for marketing or advertising
            purposes; (h) investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and
            other illegal activities; (i) personalize the Sites, Applications and Services, including by providing
            features or advertisements that match your interests and preferences; and (j) for other purposes for which
            we obtain your consent.
        
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA only)

            If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the
            personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we
            collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your
            consent to do so, (b) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver
            the Joomag Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate
            interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms). In some
            cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need
            the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
        

            Where we rely on your consent to process the personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline
            your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on
            consent before its withdrawal.
        

            If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect
            and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided further below in
            section Contacting Joomag.
        


How We Share and Disclose Information
Third Party Service Providers and Partners

            We share information, including personal information, with our third-party service providers that we use to
            provide hosting for and maintenance of our Sites, application development, backup, storage, payment
            processing, customer support, technical support, analytics and other services for us. These third-party
            service providers may have access to or process your personal information for the purpose of providing these
            services for us. We do not permit our third-party service providers to use the personal information that we
            share with them for their marketing purposes or for any other purpose than in connection with the services
            they provide to us.
        
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Our Rights

            In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by
            public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose
            personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise
            our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is
            necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
            situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of
            Service, or as otherwise required by law.
        
Affiliates

            We may share your information with other companies under common ownership or control with Joomag. These
            companies use your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
        
With Your Consent

            Joomag may share personal information with third parties when we have consent to do so.
        
In the Event of Merger or Sale

            In the event that Joomag is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, or undergoes a change of
            control or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of its assets, we reserve the right, in any of these
            circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of that
            merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
        


International Transfer of Information Collected

            Joomag may transfer your personal information to countries other than the one in which you live.
        



International Data Localization Obligations

            If you reside in a jurisdiction that imposes “data localization” or “data residency” obligations (i.e.,
            requiring that personal information of its residents be kept within the territorial boundaries of such
            jurisdiction), and we become aware of that, we may maintain your personal information within such
            territorial boundaries, if we are legally obligated to do so. For example, if we learn that you reside in
            the Russian Federation, we may be required to maintain your personal information there, whether
            independently or with a local data storage and processing provider.
        

            You acknowledge and agree that while doing so, we may continue to collect, store and use your personal
            information elsewhere, including in the United States of America as explained above.
        


Retention of Information

            We will retain your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is
            processed, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or
            other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal
            information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your
            personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
            information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
        

            For personal information that we process on behalf of our Customers, we will retain such personal
            information in accordance with the terms of our agreement with them, subject to applicable law.
        


Your Privacy Rights

            Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third
            party, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at
            privacy@joomag.com. Our Customers may update or change their personal information by going to Account
            Settings or by contacting support@joomag.com for more detailed instructions. To make a request to have
            personal information maintained by us returned to you or removed, please email support@joomag.com. Requests
            to access, change, or remove your information will be handled within thirty (30) days.
        

            An individual who seeks access to, or who seeks to correct or, amend inaccuracies in, or delete personal
            information stored or processed by us on behalf of a Customer should direct his/her query to the Customer
            (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our Customers for us to remove the data, we
            will respond to their request within thirty (30) days. We will retain personal information that we store and
            process on behalf of our Customers for as long as needed to provide the Services to our Customers. We will
            retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
            disputes, and enforce our agreements.
        

            If you are a Customer or otherwise provide us with personal information in connection with your use of our
            Sites, Applications or Services, we will delete this information upon your request, provided that,
            notwithstanding such request, this information may be retained for as long as you maintain an account for
            our Services, or as needed to provide you with our Services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve
            disputes and enforce our agreements.
        
Additional Rights for California Residents

            If you are a California resident, then under this Privacy Policy and pursuant to the California Consumer
            Privacy Act (CCPA), you have the following rights:
        


                Right to know and access: You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (1)
                categories of personal information we collect, use or share; (2) purposes for which categories of
                personal information are collected or used by us; (3) categories of sources from which we collect
                personal information; and (4) specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.

            

                Right of erasure: You may have a broader right to erasure of personal information that has been
                collected in the past 12 months. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain information
                for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
            

                Do not sell my personal Information: We neither rent nor sell your personal data in personally
                identifiable form to anyone. However, third parties we partner with (for example, our advertising
                partners) may use technology on the Service that “sells” personal information as defined by the CCPA
                law. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising
                purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by contacting us at
                privacy@joomag.com.
            

                Right to equal service: We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights,
                including by: (1) denying goods or services to you; (2) charging different prices or rates for goods or
                services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; (3) providing a
                different level or quality of goods or services to you; or (4) suggesting that you will receive a
                different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
            


            To exercise any of your California Privacy Rights, you can email us at privacy@joomag.com. In order to
            verify any request, you may need to log in to your account or respond to an email verification request.
        
Additional Rights for EEA and Certain Other Territories

            If you are from certain territories (such as the EEA), you may have the right to exercise additional rights
            available to you under applicable laws, including:
        


                Right of erasure: In certain circumstances, you may have a broader right to erasure of personal
                information that we hold about you – for example, if it is no longer necessary in relation to the
                purposes for which it was originally collected. Please note, however, that we may need to retain certain
                information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal
                obligations.

            

                Right to object to processing: You may have the right to request that Joomag stop processing your
                personal information and/or to stop sending you marketing communications.

            

                Right to restrict processing: You may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your
                personal information in certain circumstances (for example, where you believe that the personal
                information we hold about you is inaccurate or unlawfully held).

            

                Right to data portability: In certain circumstances, you may have the right to be provided with your
                personal information in a structured, machine readable and commonly used format and to request that we
                transfer the personal information to another data controller without hindrance.

            


            If you would like to exercise such rights, please contact us at the contact details in section
            Contacting Joomag. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
            To protect your privacy and
            security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with the request.
        

            You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your
            personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. A list of
            contact details for the EU data protection authorities is available here.
        


Children’s Personal Information

            We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the
            age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Sites, Applications or Services. We
            encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this
            Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the Sites, Applications
            or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has
            provided personal information to us through the Sites, Applications or Services, please contact us at
            privacy@joomag.com, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
        


Data Security

            Joomag implements security measures designed to protect your personal information against unauthorized
            access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. Other measures include internal reviews of our
            data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security
            measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal information. 
        

            We endeavor to restrict access to personal information to Joomag employees, contractors and agents who need
            to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound
            by confidentiality obligations and are required to meet these obligations. 
        

            If Joomag learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you
            can take appropriate protective steps. Joomag may post a notice on the website if a security breach occurs.
            Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
            To receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us at 
            privacy@joomag.com. 
        

            For learning more about our Security Practices click
            here.
        


Changes and Updates to this Policy

            Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personal information in
            the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received that personal information. Your
            continued use of Joomag constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions. 

        

            For revisions to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of
            personal information you have provided to us, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your
            consent before implementing revisions with respect to such information.
        


Contacting Joomag

            Please contact Joomag with any questions or comments about this Policy, your personal information, and our
            third-party disclosure practices or your consent choices by email: 
            privacy@joomag.com, or at:
        

        Joomag, Inc.
        Attn: Privacy Officer
        75 E Santa Clara St
        San Jose, CA 95113, United States
        

            We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt.
        

 






Products


Crater Editor


CRM


Distribution


Branded Apps


Email Marketing


Periodical Management


Lead Generation


Selling Publications


Integrations


Collaboration


Analytics


Pricing


Product Updates


Company


About Us


Careers


Contact




Solutions


Content Marketing


Corporate Communications


Digital Publishing


Sales Enablement


Education


Enterprise


Support & Training


Help Center


System Status


Live Chat


Legal



                                Terms of Service                            



                                Privacy Policy                            



                                Cookie Policy                            



                                Security Practices                            



                                GDPR Commitment                            



                                DMCA Policy                            






Resources


Joomag Blog


Case Studies


White Papers


E-Book


Youtube Channel


API & Developers




Create


Magazines


Catalogs


Brochures


Online Presentations


Online Newsletter






























75 E. Santa Clara St., Floor 6
San Jose,
                                        CA
95113



                                    +1 888 854 8036                                
Mon-Fri 8am-5pm PST




Available on













Newsstand


Privacy Policy


Terms of Service


English

Deutsch
Español
Русский
Français
Português (Brasil)
中文




© 2022 Joomag, Inc. All rights reserved.










