



Cookies | ICO






























Skip to main content 




ICO: Information Commissioner's Office



The ICO exists to empower you through information.


Search


Search

Search










Menu




Home


Your data matters


For organisations


Make a complaint


Action we've taken


About the ICO











Cookies


Share(Opens Share panel)



Share this page




Share via Reddit





Share via LinkedIn





Share via email








Use of cookies by the ICO
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The table below explains the cookies we use and why.



Cookie
Name
Purpose


Cookie preference

CookieControl


This cookie is used to remember a user’s choice about cookies on ico.org.uk. Where users have previously indicated a preference, that user’s preference will be stored in this cookie.




Language selection


language


This cookie is used to remember any selection a user has made about language on ico.org.uk, using the language selector, so that the site will be shown in their chosen language when returning to the site. 




Universal Analytics (Google)


_ga_gali_gat_gid


These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data



YouTube cookies

PREF*VSC*VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE*remote_sid*


We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
PREF - * Expires after eight monthsVSC - * expires at the end of your sessionVISITOR_INFO1_LIVE - *expires after eight monthsremote_sid - * expires at the end of your session



Vimeo cookies

player
vuid


We embed videos from our official Vimeo channel. When you press play Vimeo will drop third party cookies to enable the the video to play and to collect analytics data such as how long a viewer has watched the video. These cookies do not track individuals. 




How do I change my cookie settings?
You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the ‘C’ icon. You can then adjust the available sliders to ‘On’ or ‘Off’, then clicking ‘Save and close’. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.
Alternatively, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:

Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari

To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.














Share this page





Print this page





RSS feeds








 

English




English


Cymraeg









Follow us on Twitter





Like us on Facebook





Connect with us on Linkedin





Watch us on YouTube





Share this page




Share via Reddit





Share via LinkedIn





Share via email





Subscribe to our e-newsletter










English




English


Cymraeg








ICO: Information Commissioner's Office


Your data matters

Official information
Nuisance calls



For organisations

Guide to Data Protection
Guide to FOI
Guide to PECR



Action we've taken

Enforcement action
Decision notices
Audits



About the ICO

Who we are
What we do
News and events
Careers
Modern Slavery Statement







The ICO exists to empower you through information.







© Copyright
Privacy notice
Cookies
Disclaimer
Publications
Accessibility
Contact us

Phone: 0303 123 1113
Open Government Licence

                    All text content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated.
                







