










































Cookie Policy | bonusprint













close





__welcomeModal.photobox.title
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.title





__welcomeModal.photobox.discount.percentage1
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.discount.percentage1




__welcomeModal.photobox.discount.description1
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.discount.description1






__welcomeModal.photobox.discount.percentage2
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.discount.percentage2




__welcomeModal.photobox.discount.description2
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.discount.description2





                    __welcomeModal.photobox.btn
                

                   __welcomeModal.posterXXL.btn
                

                    Code: 




                __welcomeModal.generic.recommendedBy









__welcomeModal.photobox.moreInfo.title
__welcomeModal.photobox.moreInfo.text


Terms and conditionsslim_arrow_right
Terms and conditionsslim_arrow_down
__welcomeModal.photobox.moreInfo.terms



__welcomeModal.posterXXL.moreInfo.title
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.moreInfo.text


Terms and conditionsslim_arrow_right
Terms and conditionsslim_arrow_down
__welcomeModal.posterXXL.moreInfo.terms











MENU



 question_mark_circle
Customer Service



 profile
My account



My account


Order status


Saved projects


Logout


Contact




 shopping_cart
My cart















                            Photo booksslim_arrow_down



                            Create now



                            Photo books



                            Pre-designed photo books



                            Inspiration gallery





                            Photo calendars




                            Personalised cardsslim_arrow_down



                            Design your own cards



                            Christmas cards



                            Baby announcements



                            New Year cards



                            Thank you cards



                            Communion cards



                            Party invitations



                            Wedding cards



                            All personalised cards






                            Wall artslim_arrow_down



                            Poster printing



                            Canvas prints



                            Mounted prints



                            Aluminium prints



                            Acrylic prints



                            All wall art





                            Photo prints




                            More productsslim_arrow_down



                            Personalised mugs



                            Gift vouchers



                            All photo products





                            Blog








Home
Cookie Policy



Cookie Policy
1. General
“albelli” collectively means Albelli B.V. including all its affiliate companies AlbumPrinter Holding B.V., AlbumPrinter Services B.V., AlbumPrinter Productions B.V., AlbumPrinter.com B.V., AlbumPrinter Norway AS, FotoKnudsen AS, MonAlbumPhoto Holding SAS, MonAlbumPhoto SAS en Resnap B.V. and related brands albelli, fotoknudsen, bonusprint, onskefoto, monalbumphoto and Resnap.
Through this Cookie Statement, we inform you about the way in which we make use of cookies and similar technologies on our website. For more general information on how albelli handles your personal data, please see our Privacy Policy and our Privacy Statement.
2. What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files which save and retrieve information about your visit to our website. This is the way we can recognise and remember you. This small text file is sent to your browser of choice and stored on the hard drive of your computer, tablet, phone or any other device you’re using to visit our websites.
3. How do we use cookies?
We use cookies and similar techniques to ensure you can use our website with all its functionalities on any device and to provide you with the best experience of online shopping. This includes cookies which are necessary for the functioning of our website, but also other kinds of cookies. When you provide consent to dropping cookies, they are also used to personalise the advertisements and services provided to you and show you other relevant communications about topics of interest to you. It is important to note that we don’t store sensitive data in the cookies, such as credit card details.
These are some of the ways how we use cookies:
– Keeping you signed in
– Understand how you use the website
– Remember your preferences
– Remember the content of your shopping cart
– Showing advertisements that are relevant to you
In the next section, there will be a more detailed and technical explanation how our websites use cookies and similar technologies.
4. What types of cookies do we use?
Essential cookies
These cookies are essential to ensure the proper technical functioning of our websites. These cookies are also known as technical or purely functional cookies. Examples include cookies that remember what you have put in your shopping cart or what account you are logged in with. 
Analytical cookies
We use Adobe Analytics and similar tools to analyse how you use our website. These cookies help us to determine what parts of the website are not clear and what we should improve. This information helps us to improve your user experience.
Tracking cookies
Tracking cookies collect data that we use to serve advertisements, for advertising campaigns and to target audiences to be able to deliver to them the most relevant information and personalised campaigns.
Some of the cookies described above may be dropped by third parties when you’re using our website. They may use the cookies to serve ads based on your interest or track your response to their ad. albelli does not have access to or control over the use of the data collected by these third parties. Please check their Privacy and Cookie Statements for more information. Please note that we do not share any of your personal information we hold in our databases with these third-party companies, except in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
For a detailed overview of the specific cookies that are dropped through our websites, please click here.
5. Can you block/disable/delete cookies?
You can use your browser settings to change your preferences regarding the management of cookies being dropped on your device. Please be informed that if you do not accept cookies being dropped through our website, access to certain functions on our websites can be denied and/or the functionality of our websites can be limited. In case you want to manage your cookies, you can mostly find this option within the settings menu of your browser.
6. For which purposes do we further use your data?
Please see our Privacy Statement.
More information
Please note that we’re not responsible for any of the content of the external websites named in this Cookie Statement.
We are continuing to improve our website and our services. As part of this ongoing improvement, we may revise this Cookie Statement from time to time by posting a revised Cookie Statement on our website. We reserve the right to modify this Cookie Statement at any time.
For further questions about the Cookie Statement or about albelli, please see our FAQ or contact our Customer Care department.




Sign up for our newsletter and get £5 off your next order!




            Submit
        

 Loading
newsletter.message.error
Thanks for subscribing to the newsletter!
It looks like your email address might have a spelling mistake. Please double check!










close


Cookies
Functional
JSESSIONID
Cookie purpose description: Preserves users states across page requests.
PHPSESSID
Cookie purpose description: Preserves users states across page requests.
Statistical
AMCV_#
Cookie purpose description: Unique user ID that recognizes the user on returning visits.
s_cc
Cookie purpose description: Used to check if the user’s browser supports cookies.
s_lv
Cookie purpose description: Used to determine the number of days since the user last visited the website.
s_lv_s
Cookie purpose description: Used to determine the number of days since the user last visited the website.
s_nr
Cookie purpose description: Registers a unique ID that identifies the user’s device for return visits.
Marketing
_fbp
Cookie purpose description: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
ads/ga-audiences
Cookie purpose description: Used by Google AdWord store-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor’s online behaviour across web sites.
demdex
Cookie purpose description: Via a unique ID that is used for semantic content analysis, the user’s navigation on the website is registered and linked to offline data from surveys and similar registrations to display targeted ads.
dpm
Cookie purpose description: Sets a unique non -personal ID for the visitor that allows third p arty advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement t. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
ev_sync_dd
Cookie purpose description: Unclassified
everest_g_v2
Cookie purpose description: Used for targeted ads and to document efficacy of each individual ad.
everest_session_v2
Cookie purpose description: Used for targeted ads and to document efficacy of each individual ad.
fr
Cookie purpose description: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
IDE
Cookie purpose description: Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the web site user’s actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser’s ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and top resent targeted ads to the user.
mbox
Cookie purpose description: This cookie is used to collect non -personal information on the visitor’s behavior and non -personal visitor statistics, which can be used by a third -party ad-targeting agency.
MUID
Cookie purpose description: Used widely Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
MUIDB
Cookie purpose description: Registers anonymous data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites.
test_cookie
Cookie purpose description: Used to check if the user’s browser supports cookies.









Products

Photo books
Pre-designed photo books
Photo book ideas
Wall art
Photo prints
Personalised cards
Photo calendars
Personalised mugs
Gift vouchers
All photo products



Favourites

Poster printing
Canvas prints
Mounted prints
Aluminium prints
Acrylic prints
Thank you cards
Personalised invitations
Wedding Cards
Christmas cards
New year cards



Help

Price overview
Bulk orders
Shipping costs
Delivery times
Order status
Discount codes
Frequently asked questions
Contact



About us

About bonusprint
Sustainability
Corporate partnerships
Work at bonusprint
Blog



Payment options








Sustainability



















Follow us on


twitter


facebook


youtube


pinterest


instagram




Discover our apps















bonusprint © 2022



Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact



 NL

 DE

 UK

 FR

 BE

 NO

 SE

















Cookie settings
bonusprint uses cookies to improve your browsing experience and to be of optimal service to you.  By accepting our cookies, we are able to offer you our best experience. If you don't want an optimized experience, you can adjust your cookie settings.

Manage cookie settings




                        Accept all cookies
                    

                        Reject marketing cookies
                    







Essential cookies



                            These cookies are essential to ensure the proper technical functioning of our websites. These cookies are also known as technical or purely functional cookies. Examples include cookies that remember what you have put in your shopping cart or what account you are logged in with. 
                        




                                Analytical cookies
                            



                            We use Adobe Analytics and similar tools to analyse how you use our website. These cookies help us to determine what parts of the website are not clear and what we should improve. This information helps us to improve your user experience.
                        




Marketing cookies



                            Tracking or marketing cookies collect data that we use to serve you the most relevant, personalised advertisements on other websites.

Some of the cookies described above may be dropped by third parties when you’re using our website. They may use the cookies to serve ads based on your interest or track your response to their ad. bonusprint does not have access to or control over the use of the data collected by these third parties. Please check their Privacy and Cookie Statements for more information. Please note that we do not share any of your personal information we hold in our databases with these third-party companies, except in accordance with our Privacy Policy (you will also find a detailed overview of the specific cookies that are dropped through our websites there)
                        




                        Accept all cookies
                    

                        Accept selection
                    



