





































Routledge & CRC Press Policies - Cookie Policy

































Skip to main content

 Free standard shipping on all orders















Search






To hear autocomplete suggestions tab past the search button after typing keywords.













0




0























 Shop By Subject 










 Instructors & Students 




 Professional Practice 




 Publish With Us 















T&Cs Terms & Conditions Shipping Policy Returns & Cancellations Inspection Copies Cookie Policy Accessibility





Cookie Policy



We have developed this cookie policy (the 'Cookie Policy') in order to explain how we use cookies and similar technologies (together, 'Cookies') on this website (the 'Website') and to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your personal information.
The first time that you visit our Website, we notify you about our use of Cookies through a notification banner. By continuing to use the Website, you consent to our use of Cookies as described in this Cookie Policy. However, you can choose whether or not to continue accepting Cookies at any later time. Information on how to manage Cookies is set out later in this Cookie Policy.
Please note that our use of any personal information we collect about you is subject to our Privacy Policy.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing user IDs that are automatically placed on your computer or other device by when you visit a website. The Cookies are stored by the internet browser. The browser sends the Cookies back to the website on each subsequent visit, allowing the website to recognise your computer or device. This recognition enables the website provider to observe your activity on the website, deliver a personalised, responsive service and improve the website.
Cookies can be 'Session Cookies' or 'Persistent Cookies'. Session Cookies allow a website to link a series of your actions during one browser session, for example to remember the items you have added to a shopping basket. Session Cookies expire after a browser session and are therefore not stored on your computer or device afterwards. Persistent Cookies are stored on your computer or device between browser sessions and can be used when you make subsequent visits to the website, for example to remember your website preferences, such as language or font size.
Cookies We Use and Their Purpose
We use four types of Cookies - 'Strictly Necessary' Cookies, 'Performance' Cookies, 'Functionality' Cookies and 'Targeting' or 'Advertising' Cookies. Each type of Cookies and the purposes for which we use them are described in this section. To learn about the specific Cookies we use, please see our List of Cookies.
'Strictly Necessary' Cookies enable you to move around the Website and use essential features. For example, if you log into the Website, we use a Cookie to keep you logged in and allow you to access restricted areas, without you having to repeatedly enter your login details. If you are registering for or purchasing a product or service, we will use Cookies to remember your information and selections, as you move through the registration or purchase process.
Strictly Necessary Cookies are necessary for our Website to provide you with a full service. If you disable them, certain essential features of the Website will not be available to you and the performance of the Website will be impeded.
'Performance' Cookies collect information about how you use our Website, for example which pages you visit and if you experience any errors. These Cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all the information collected is anonymous. We may use these Cookies to help us understand how you use the website and assess how well the Website performs and how we could improve it for you. We may also use such Cookies to discover which parts of the Website interest you and measure how effective our advertising is.
'Functionality' Cookies enable a website to provide you with specific services or a customised experience. We may use these Cookies to provide you with services such as watching a video or adding user comments. We may also use such Cookies to remember changes you make to your settings or preferences (for example, changes to text size or your choice of language or region) or offer you time-saving or personalised features.
You can control whether or not Functionality Cookies are used, but disabling them may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the Website.
'Targeting' or 'Advertising' Cookies enable a website to show you relevant advertising or facilitate your use of third party services. We may use these Cookies to provide information about your Website visit to advertisers, so that they can show you adverts more relevant to your interests, limit the number of times you see the same advert and measure the effectiveness of their advertising . We may also use such Cookies to make it easier for you to 'like' or 'share' Website content through your social network(s). The social networking websites may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on those websites. Please see their website terms and policies for further information on such use.
You can control whether or not Targeting or Advertising Cookies are, but disabling them may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the Website.

Strictly Necessary Cookies 
Performance Cookies 
Functionality Cookies 
Targeting or Advertising Cookies 


List of Cookies



Cookie Name
Possible Value
Uses


Necessary Cookies


crc_size
12,24,48
Store the number of results you have chosen to see in search and browse pages (cookie will not be set you don't change the default setting)


PHPSESSID
Random string of letters and numbers
To store the User's Session id in encrypted format


crc_cart_id
The encrypted cart ID
This is used to save your cart for when you return to the site.


crc_wishlist_id
The encrypted wishlist ID
This is used to save your wishlist for when you return to the site.


Addthis Cookies


__atuvc
URL-encoded array of numbers Example: 7%7C35
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget


__atuvs
randomly generated string
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget


loc
 
geolocation cookie


uit
 
User id and login time tracking


dt
 
Date tracking cookies for determining expiration of other cookies


di
 
Date tracking cookies for determining expiration of other cookies


uid
 
User id and login time tracking


uvc
randomly generated number
Detects how often the social sharing service, AddThis, encounters the same user.


psc
 
View counter cookie


mus
 
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget


ouid
 
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget


Facebook Cookies


reg_fb_gate
 
it contains the first Facebook page visited by the web browser


reg_fb_ref cookie
randomly generated number
it contains the last Facebook page visited by the web browser


datr
randomly generated number
 


c_user
 
UUser id and login time tracking


lu
randomly generated number
 


s
randomly generated number
 


xs
randomly generated number
 


locale
 
Geolocation cookie


wd
 
 


sb
 
 


Google Cookies


_ga
number
Registers a uniqueID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.


_gat
number
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate


_gid
string
Registers a uniqueID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.


collect
 
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behaviour.Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.


_utma
randomly generated number
Used to distinguish users and sessions.


_utmb
randomly generated number
Used to determine new sessions/visits.


_utmc
randomly generated number
Operates in conjunction with the__utmbcookie to determine whether the user is in a new session/visit


_utmt
randomly generated number
Used to throttle request rate.


_utmz
randomly generated number
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site.


__utmv
randomly generated number
Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.


1P_JAR
randomly generated number
These cookies are set via embedded youtube-videos. They register anonymous statistical data on for example how many times the video is displayed and what settings are used for playback. No sensitive data is collected unless you log in to your google account, in that case your choices are linked with your account, for example if you click “like” on a video. For more information, read the general Google Privacy policy.


SIDCC
randomly generated string


APISID
randomly generated string


HSID
randomly generated string


NID
randomly generated string


OGPC
randomly generated number


PREF
randomly generated number


SAPISID
randomly generated string


SID
randomly generated string


SSID
randomly generated string


Cloudflare Cookies


__cfduid
randomly generated string
Cookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. It does not contain any user identification information


_biz_dfsA
randomly generated string
Optimizely 3rd party – Cookies are used to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics.


_biz_flagsA
randomly generated string
Optimizely 3rd party – Cookies are used to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics.


_biz_nA
randomly generated number
Optimizely 3rd party – Cookies are used to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics.


_biz_pendingA
encoded url
Optimizely 3rd party – Cookies are used to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics.


_biz_uid
randomly generated string
Optimizely 3rd party – Cookies are used to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics.


optimizelyBuckets
randomly generated string
3rd party Cookie set by the Optimizely website optimisation plaftform. Used to store the page variants assigned to a user for A/B performance testing, to ensure the user gets a consistent experience 3rd party


optimizelyEndUserId
randomly generated string
3rd party Cookie set by the Optimizely website optimisation plaftform. This cookie is a unique user identifier


optimizelySegments
randomly generated string
3rd party Cookie set by the Optimizely website optimisation plaftform.


Pardot.com Cookies


lpv XXX
randomly generated string
These cookies are placed in order to improve our website. It gives us insight in the surfing behaviour of visitors


pardot
randomly generated string
Pardot session cookie


Visitor_id#
randomly generated number
The visitor cookie includes the name “visitor_id” plus the unique identifier, which is derived from the tracking code placed on your site. The value stored is the unique ID for the visitor. For example, cookie name “visitor_id12345″ stores the visitor value “123456789,” where 12345 is the account identifier and 123456789 represents the visitor ID. This cookie is set by our tracking code on visitors and prospects.


Visitor_id#-hash
randomly generated number
Visitor Cookie with Encrypted data


dtCookie
randomly generated string
This is a unique identifier visitor cookie, used to recognise a user to the website


mbox
randomly generated string
Target uses cookies to give website operators the ability to test which online content and offers are more relevant to visitors.


webact
encoded URL
These cookies are used to collect information for sales and marketing purposes in order to make customer communications relevant and help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns. Any data collected is used only for internal purposes


Igodigital Cookies


igodigitaltc2
randomly generated string
This cookie is used to capture customer behavior to improve the quality of the experience of our online customers, including enhanced browsing experiences.


igodigitalstdomain
randomly generated number


igodigitalst_crcpress
randomly generated string






ContentSquare


Cookie
Duration
Description




_cs_id
13 months
This cookie contains ContentSquare’s user identifier


_cs_s
30 minutes
This cookie contains the number of pageviews within the running session for ContentSquare Solution


_cs_vars
session
This cookie is used by ContentSquare to record custom variables


_cs_ex
30 days
This cookies is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection


_cs_c
13 months
This cookies is used by ContentSquare to save the user consent to be tracked


_cs_optout
13 months
This cookies is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection




First and Third Party Cookies
The Cookies placed on your computer or device include 'First Party' Cookies, meaning Cookies that are placed there by us, or by third party service providers acting on our behalf. Where such Cookies are being managed by third parties, we only allow the third parties to use the Cookies for our purposes, as described in this Cookie Policy, and not for their own purposes.
The Cookies placed on your computer or device may also include 'Third Party' Cookies, meaning Cookies that are placed there by third parties. These Cookies may include third party advertisers who display adverts on our Website and/or social network providers who provide 'like' or 'share' capabilities (see the above section on Targeting or Advertising Cookies). They may also include third parties who provide video content which is embedded on our Website (such as YouTube). Please see the website terms and policies of these third parties for further information on their use of Cookies.
To learn about the specific First Party and Third Party Cookies used by our website, please see our List of Cookies.
Managing Cookies
You always have a choice over whether or not to accept Cookies. When you first visit the Website and we notify you about our use of Cookies, you can choose not to consent to such use. If you continue to use the Website, you are consenting to our use of Cookies for the time being. However, you can choose not to continue accepting Cookies at any later time. In this section, we describe ways to manage Cookies, including how to disable them.
You can manage Cookies through the settings of your internet browser. You can choose to block or restrict Cookies from being placed on your computer or device. You can also review periodically review the Cookies that have been placed there and disable some or all of them. You can learn more about how to manage Cookies on the following websites: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
Please be aware that if you choose not to accept certain Cookies, it may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the Website.
Changes to Cookie Policy
In order to keep up with changing legislation and best practice, we may revise this Cookie Policy at any time without notice by posting a revised version on this Website. So please check back periodically so that you are aware of any changes.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns about this Cookie Policy or our use of Cookies on the Website, please contact us by email to privacy@taylorandfrancis.com.
You can also contact the Privacy Officer for the Informa PLC group at compliance.officer@informa.com.
This Cookie Policy was last updated on May 22, 2018.







Looking for our Privacy Policy?
Our Privacy Policy can be found on our Taylor & Francis corporate website
View our Privacy Policy » 









Back To Top 












© 2022 Informa UK Limited, an Informa Plc company




Contact Us


Customer Service


Editorial Contacts


Sales Contacts


Rights and Permissions


Become an Affiliate Partner Opens in new tab or window


Refer a Friend Opens in new tab or window


FAQs


Customer Resources


Authors


Booksellers


Instructors


Librarians


Press and Media


Professionals


Societies and Associations


Students




Our Products


eBooks


eBook+


Book Series


Online Platforms


Open Access Books


Focus Shortform Books 




About Us


About Routledge


About Taylor & Francis Opens in new tab or window


Taylor & Francis Journals Opens in new tab or window


Careers Opens in new tab or window


Blog
Topics


Policies


Shipping Information


Returns and Cancellations


Terms and Conditions


Inspection Copies


Cookie Policy


Accessibility


Privacy Policy Opens in new tab or window



SOCIAL  NETWORKS 
Facebook - Opens in new tab or window       LinkedIn - Opens in new tab or window      Twitter - Opens in new tab or window       YouTube - Opens in new tab or window   







We use cookies to improve your website experience. To learn how to manage your cookie settings, please see our Cookie Policy. By continuing to use the website, you consent to our use of cookies.


Accept











The country you have selected will result in the following:



Product pricing will be adjusted to match the corresponding currency.




Continue
Cancel























