
Watch the best in esports live - MLG

 Cookie NoticeWe use cookies to personalize content and ads, provide social media features, analyze traffic, improve our website and share information about your use of our site with the Teams, our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
If you click “Accept,” you will be accepting all cookies. “Denying” cookies prevents us from providing you with a
 personalized experience. Please see our Cookie Policy to learn more and change your cookie settings at any time.Cookie PolicyCloseAccept cookiesYour PrivacyNecessary CookiesPerformance (or Analytics) CookiesAdvertising CookiesMore InformationPrivacy Preference CenterActiveAlways Active Save SettingsAllow All
       View All         View All       Info             Restore Player   
        Watch
       
        Schedule
        
      Filter by Game
             
      Call of Duty
          
      Overwatch
          
      World of Warcraft
          
      Hearthstone
          
      StarCraft
          
      Diablo
          
      Heroes of the Storm
            
        Clear
              Site Skin   
            Game Themes
            
            Dark Theme
            
            Light Theme
            
      Cookie Policy
     
      Major League Gaming (“MLG”) uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user
      experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please see below. By
      using this MLG online property, you consent to our use of "Cookies".
     Welcome to MLG's Cookie Policy. This Cookie Policy was last updated on October 18, 2019. Cookies & Similar Technologies 
      MLG uses cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties (collectively referred to as "Cookies"). A
      "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that many websites and other online products and services
      often store on a user's computer or device in order to identify it and associate activity with it. Cookies make
      the interaction between you and the website faster and easier by letting you navigate between pages efficiently,
      storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a website. For example, we use Cookies when
      you login to your MLG account to keep you logged in so that every time you move to a new page on our website you
      do not have to reenter your login details.
     
      For more information about our use of technologies that are similar to cookies, and your opt-out choices, please
      see the Similar Technologies section under Types of Cookies
      below.
     
      This Cookie Policy explains how MLG uses Cookies. MLG may collect both personal and non-personal information
      from you when you use MLG websites, products and services (“Properties”). For more information on how MLG
      collects, stores, uses and may transfer or disclose your information, please see our
      Privacy Policy.
     
      When visiting the Properties you can learn more about the types of Cookies collected and change your Cookie
      settings at any time by clicking
      here. We use Cookies to optimize
      your visit, make your browsing and/or user experience as effective as possible, and let you know about offers
      and features that we think will interest you. This means that if you disallow Cookies, your use of the
      Properties may be impaired.
     
      Depending on the Property you are using, and the country you are based in, Cookies may be set on your computer
      or device by either:
     
        MLG - to recognize and associate activity with your computer or device when it visits a Property. MLG Cookies
        cannot be used to recognize or associate activity with your computer or device when it visits other, third
        party websites or online properties.
       
        Third Parties - to enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through our Properties or
        other online properties (e.g. advertising and analytics). The third parties that set these Cookies may be able
        to recognize your computer or device both when it visits the Properties or other online properties that use
        the third party's features and functionality.
       
      These Cookies will generally be either:
     
        Session Cookies: These Cookies are only stored temporarily on your device during one browsing session or use
        of a Property and are then deleted from your device when the Property is closed; or
       
        Persistent Cookies: These cookies are saved on your device for a fixed period of time, when we need to know
        who you are for more than one use of a Property. For example, we use this type of cookie to store your
        preferences for your next visit to our Properties.
       Types of Cookies 
      There are five categories of Cookies (necessary, performance, functionality, social media and advertising), as
      well as technologies that are similar to cookies, that may be served through our Properties. Cookies may also be
      set by third parties, including by social networking sites. To see a list of the specific Cookies that our
      Properties may contain, please see each category of Cookies below.
     
      To learn more about your opt-out choices for cookies, please see the
      Managing Cookies section below. To learn more about your opt-out choices for
      technologies that are similar to cookies, please see the
      Similar Technologies section below.
     Necessary CookiesThese Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these Cookies, we cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas.Cookies usedOptanonConsentOptanonAlertBoxClosedCategoriesCookiesonetrust.com__cfduidPerformance (or Analytics) CookiesThese Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with third parties (such as Google Analytics) to provide these services on our behalf.Cookies usedbitmovin_analytics_uuid_gid_gat_gaCategoriesCookiesnr-data.netJSESSIONIDAdvertising CookiesThese Cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations or advertisers.Cookies usedGoogleAdServingTest__gadsCategoriesCookiessecurepubads.g.doubleclick.netGoogleAdServingTestdoubleclick.nettest_cookieIDE 
      MLG may partner with third party online advertising and analytics companies to tailor and deliver
      advertisements, products, services, and promotions on MLG Properties, as well as other online properties which
      we do not control. To help select the ads of greatest interest to you, these companies may use Cookies to
      collect and track information such as demographic data (e.g., gender, occupation, etc.), aggregated information,
      search keywords, geo-location, and device-related data (for example, browser type, language, IP address,
      Advertising ID, time/date) to select advertisements that are more relevant to your interests and to better
      personalize the experience for you. In some instances, third-parties may also use Cookies to collect anonymized
      or device-related information about your visits to MLG Properties in order to monitor the effectiveness of the
      ads (e.g., by using analytics Cookies) and to provide third party advertisements about goods and services likely
      to be of greater interest to you.
     
      MLG may use, combine and share anonymized or aggregated information obtained from Cookies with third parties
      such as vendors or advertising partners. For example, we may use information such as interests or gaming
      preferences to group you with other people with similar interests or preferences and place you into a market
      segment. We may then display advertisements which we believe people in your market segment will find relevant.
      We may also share personal and non-personal information obtained from Cookies with third parties such as vendors
      or advertising networks in order to permit them to provide services on our behalf or to partner with us in
      selecting and serving advertisements for us or our advertising partners.
     Similar Technologies 
      Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows sites to deploy dynamic web content. For example, we may use
      Flash Cookies to deliver video content to you on our Properties. Adobe Flash and similar applications use
      technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage in ways that are similar to browser cookies, but are
      managed through a different interface than your web browser. You can access your Flash management tools from
      http://www.adobe.com directly to manage your Cookie settings.
     
      From time to time, we may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our websites or other online properties or include
      them in the email messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as "web bugs," "pixel tags," or "pixels") are
      small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message
      for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting,
      unique visitor counts, advertising, email auditing and reporting, and personalization. For example, we may use
      these in emails to understand and analyze whether the email was opened or any links were clicked, in order to
      improve our future communications with you and other users. As a web beacon forms part of a webpage or email it
      does not have the same opt out options as other Cookies. Generally, you can render them ineffective by opting
      out of any cookies they set, by turning off images in your email service, or by viewing your emails as “text”
      rather than “HTML.” For more information on how to opt out of Cookies see the Managing Cookies and Do Not Track
      section below, and for more information on how to turn off images in your emails or to view them as text see the
      “Help” section of your email service provider.
     
      If you would like to find out more about Cookies you may find the following link useful:
      http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ Do Not Track 
      California Business and Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) permits our
      customers who are California residents to be informed as to how MLG responds to Web browser "Do Not Track"
      settings. As Do Not Track is a standard that is currently being developed, MLG does not take actions to respond
      to Do Not Track settings, and instead we adhere to the standards set out in our
      Privacy Policy.
     
      If you would like to find out more about Do Not Track you may find the following link useful:
      http://www.allaboutdnt.com/ Managing Cookies You can review your options to manage Cookies by: 
        clicking here and managing your
        cookie settings;
       
        opening the "Help" menu on the browser menu bar. Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete
        Cookies or set your browser to alert you when Cookies are being sent to your computer;
       
        visiting your mobile device developer's website or reviewing your device manual. Most mobile device developers
        will tell you how you can manage the settings on your mobile device to opt out of and/or delete Cookies from
        your mobile device, or to limit the use of and/or opt out of targeted advertising; or
       
        visiting
        http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
        and/or http://youronlinechoices.com, or if you are
        in the EU http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, for
        choices to opt out of advertising.
       
      If you reject all Cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other products and
      services (including signing in to your MLG account).
     
      We may embed photos and/or video content on our Properties from third party sources such as YouTube, and these
      sites may set their own Cookies. Similarly, our Properties may have buttons that enable you to share content on
      Social Media or other sites, and these services may set a Cookie on your device. This Cookie Policy does not
      apply to Cookies set by such features, and MLG does not control these Cookies set by third parties. We encourage
      you to review the third party privacy policy or cookie policy for more information about these Cookies and how
      to manage them.
     Permission to Use Cookies 
      By using the Properties you agree, and we will assume you consent, to receive Cookies unless you manage your
      cookie choices by one of the means set out above.
     
      Please also note that the use of information obtained by third party providers listed in the Types of Cookies
      section above through cookies placed by them is also subject to their own privacy policies. We encourage you to
      review the privacy policies of these third party providers, as their privacy practices may vary from ours.
      Information collected by Cookies may be associated with your registration account or user profile.
     Cookies List 
      The Properties may contain, but are not limited to, the Third Party Performance (or Analytics) and Advertising
      Cookies available through the “Cookies” link in the footer of our websites and in the below list. Please follow
      the links below for details of the Privacy Policies and opt out choices offered by these third parties. Please
      also see above for further options available to manage Cookies.
     Online Property Third Party Cookies Third Party Privacy Policies and Opt Out Choices Apps for mobile phones and tablets Amazon (AWS) https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/  Bitmovin https://bitmovin.com/privacy/   Crashlytics/Firebase https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy  Facebook Graph https://www.facebook.com/policy.php  Google Ad Service https://policies.google.com/privacy  Google Syndication https://policies.google.com/privacy  New Relic https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy  Mixpanel https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/  TradeDesk (adsrvr.org) https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy   
          GameBattles
         
          Support
         Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings About Us      © 2022 Major League Gaming Corp. All Rights Reserved. 
      For CA residents only:
      Do Not Sell My Information  
