
Brown Paper Tickets





















X

Great news! Brown Paper Tickets is being acquired by Events.com. Click here to learn more.







 
View site in English,
	Español, or Français






The fair-trade ticketing company.






Sign Me Up!
 | 
Log In






 


 













Go

Forget your login?

















Find An Event
Create Your Event
Help


 


























Policy Pages


Buyer Terms of Usage


Event Organizer Terms of Usage


Privacy Policy


Privacy Notice for California Residents


Cookie Policy


Copyright Infringement




Cookie Policy
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Cookie information
Cookies are very small files that are stored on your computer when you visit most websites, including the Brown Paper Tickets website. Cookies are sent back and forth between the Brown Paper Tickets servers and your Internet browser to allow the Brown Paper Tickets website to remember the actions you've taken. Brown Paper Tickets also uses cookies to help improve the performance of our website and your web browsing experience.

Strictly Necessary Cookies
Some cookies are necessary for certain services to function properly on our website, such as account creation, creating and listing events, and purchasing tickets. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the Brown Paper Tickets website.

Performance Cookies
'Performance cookies' collect information about how our website is used. We use performance cookies set by Google Analytics to help us understand which pages are visited and where errors happen, so we can improve our services. No personally identifiable information is collected by these cookies -- all of the data collected is aggregated and anonymised. You have the ability to disable Performance Cookies on the Brown Paper Tickets website using the button at the bottom of this page.

Third party cookies on the Brown Paper Tickets website
Content from third parties is sometimes embedded on the Brown Paper Tickets website and event listing pages. This content may include services from YouTube, Vimeo, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Google Maps, etc. As a result, when you visit a page containing such content, you may be presented with cookies from these services, and these third-party cookies may track your use while on the Brown Paper Tickets website. Brown Paper Tickets does not control the dissemination of these cookies, and you should check the relevant third party's website for more information. You have the ability to disable new third-party cookies on the Brown Paper Tickets website using the button at the bottom of this page. Note that if you disable non-essential cookies, the features provided by these third-party services will not be available to you while using our website. Also, if you choose to disable third party cookies on the Brown Paper Tickets website, you may want to consider manually removing any third-party cookies that may have already been set.

Managing cookie preferences
Aside from opting out of all non-essential cookies on the Brown Paper Tickets website, you can also manage cookies in other ways.
Most Internet browsers allow users to control the acceptance of cookies via the browser's settings. You can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer, although this may prevent you from taking full advantage of a website, including the Brown Paper Tickets website. Each browser (and/or browser version) works in a slightly different way, but you generally have the ability to accept all cookies, be notified before accepting a cookie, block or restrict cookies from certain sites, or reject all cookies. You can learn more at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/, where you can find out how to configure various cookie settings on a number of major browsers.
Regarding Google Analytics specifically, you can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by installing Google's opt-out browser add-on (available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).


Change cookie settings for this website








        Use the button above to switch between allowing or not allowing Perfomance and Third-Party cookies.
      

        Note that we will need to set a cookie to remember your choice.
      















Contact us

Email

support@brownpapertickets.com

Phone

1-800-838-3006 (Temporarily Unavailable)

Resources

Careers

Developers

Help




Ticket Buyers

Track Your Order

Browse Events

Locations

Event Producers

Create an Event

Pricing

Services

Buy Pre-Printed Tickets

The Venue List




Find out about local events

Get daily or weekly email notifications of new and discounted events in your neighborhood.

Sign up for local events





Connect with us





Follow us on Facebook



Follow us on Twitter



Follow us on Instagram



Watch us on YouTube



Read our blog



Get to know us











			Use of this service is subject to the Terms of Usage, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy of Brown Paper Tickets.
			All rights reserved.
			© 2000-2022
		
Mobile EN ES FR


