






Usage Policies | Elastic Email






































































Products






Email Marketing
Take control of your campaigns with the best email marketing tools.




Email API
Integrate your solutions with our robust email delivery engine.




Email Verification


Email Automation


Integrations







Pricing






Email Marketing Pricing
For those who want to send Unlimited emails.




Email API Pricing
For those who want to integrate email into the app or website.







Resources






Get Started
Take the first steps of your Elastic Email journey.




Integrations
Speed up your integration thanks to our collection of plugins.




Blog
Read the latest news, as well as tips from the email marketing world.




Help Center
Learn more about our product from our Customer Support Team.







Developers






API Documentation
Make the most out of Elastic Email with our RESTful API.




API Libraries
Speed up your integration with libraries for various languages.










Log in
Try for Free












Products








Email Marketing




Email API




Email Verification




Email Automation




Integrations





Pricing








Email Marketing Pricing




Email API Pricing





Resources








Get Started




Integrations




Blog




Help Center





Developers








API Documentation




API Libraries





Try for Free


Log in















Privacy & Terms


 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Anti-Spam Policy 
 Security 
 Cookies 
 Data Processing Addendum 




 Terms Of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Anti-Spam Policy 
 Security 
 Cookies 
 Data Processing Addendum 














Table of Content


The ServicesRules of UseIntellectual PropertyPaymentPrivacy & DataConfidentialityTerm and TerminationDisclaimer of WarrantiesLimitation of LiabilityUser IndemnityResellersReferral Program and ProvisionsPlug-in Related ProvisionsGeneral



Lasted Updated: May 25, 2018.
Please read these Terms of Use (the “Terms”) carefully.
These Terms, along with the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy and Anti-Spam Policy, govern your access to and use of the website located at https://elasticemail.com (the “Site”) and the hosted email platform available via the Site and related services, including the Elastic API and reseller sites (see section 11) that are offered by Elastic Email Inc. (“Elastic”). The Site and the hosted email platform and related services are referred to collectively throughout these Terms as the “Services”.
YOU AGREE THAT BY REGISTERING FOR, ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ARE ENTERING INTO A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT WITH ELASTIC. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
Wherever used in these Terms, “you”, “your” or similar terms means the person or legal entity accessing or using the Services. If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms.
Elastic reserves the right to modify, supplement or replace these Terms, effective upon posting an amended version on the Site or notifying you otherwise. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to these Terms or receipt of notice will mean that you accept and agree to such changes. You are responsible for regularly consulting the current version of the Terms prior to your use of the Services.
1. The Services
1.1 Eligibility. In order to access and use the Services, you must:
(a) be at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction;
(b) complete the registration process to create a user account; and
(c) provide and maintain complete, accurate and up-to-date contact and account information.
1.2 Account and password. You are responsible for all activity that occurs through your account, whether or not that activity is authorized by you. You agree to take reasonable precautions to ensure that your username, password, and other account information are kept confidential, to not share such information, and to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account.
1.3 Updates and Functionalities. You acknowledge and agree that Elastic may from time to time apply updates to the Services and that such updates may result in changes in the appearance and/or functionality of the Services (including the addition, modification, or removal of functionality, features, or content).
1.4 Third Party Products and Services. The Services may enable you to access, interact with or purchase products or services provided by third parties, including from third party websites or applications linked to or accessible through the Services (“Third-Party Services”). Elastic provides access to Third Party Services as a convenience only, and such access does not imply any warranties, representations, endorsements, approvals or verification by Elastic of such Third Party Services. You acknowledge that the use of Third Party Services may be subject to the terms and conditions of such Third Party Services and that any contract entered into or transaction completed through Third Party Services is between only you and the relevant third party.
1.5 Anti-Spam Measures. Elastic reserves the right to take any and all measures it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion (whether legal, technical or otherwise) to prevent the Services from being used to send unsolicited email (i.e. “spam”) and to address complaints by third parties regarding the sending of such email. Without limitation, you agree that Elastic may in its sole discretion suspend or cancel your account if it suspects that your account is being used to send unsolicited email.
2. Rules of Use
2.1 Permitted Uses. You agree that you will at all times use the Services in a manner consistent with:

these Terms;
the Acceptable Use Policy;
any other applicable rules, policies, and guidelines established by Elastic in respect of the Services.

Misuse or unauthorized use of the Services and its related systems or networks, or of any information or material available through the Services is strictly prohibited and Elastic reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without liability or prejudice to any other remedies that it may have, to immediately suspend or cancel the account of any user who is using, or who Elastic reasonably believes is using, the Services in violation of these Terms.
2.2 Compliance with Laws. You represent and warrant that your use of the Services will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation, all applicable anti-spam and privacy laws (collectively, the “Regulations”). For greater certainty, the Regulations may include depending upon your use of the Services, but will not necessarily be limited to, CAN-SPAM, CASL, and GDPR. You will be solely responsible for determining whether the Services as used by you comply with the Regulations, and you acknowledge and agree that Elastic will not be liable for any use of the Services by you that violates the Regulations.
2.3 Consents. Without limiting Section 2.2, you further represent and warrant that you will not send any emails other than Transactional Messages (as defined in Section 2.4) unless the email recipients have provided you with valid consent under the Regulations to receive communications from you.
2.4 Transactional Messages. The Services may allow you to send Transactional Messages. “Transactional Messages” are defined as communications that are sent in response to an action by an email recipient related to a product or service offered by you (e.g. a confirmation email sent in response to a purchase of a product or service through your App or website) or that concern the ongoing use, purchase or subscription by an email recipient of a product or service offered by you. You must not send Transactional Messages that are bulk messages or messages that have a purpose of encouraging participation in a commercial activity.
3. Intellectual Property
3.1 Elastic Services. Elastic is the owner of the Services and all intellectual property rights related to the Services. All rights, title, and interest in and to the Services not expressly granted under these Terms are reserved by Elastic. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Elastic owns the trademarks and design marks, trade dress, domain names, service names, logos and associated designs (“Trademarks”) used in connection with the Services and any unauthorized use of the Trademarks is strictly prohibited.
3.2 Feedback. If you submit any suggestions, comments or other feedback (“Feedback“) to Elastic regarding the Services, you agree that Elastic shall have a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, unrestricted, unlimited and fully paid-up right and license to use, copy, modify, publish, disclose, distribute, license, sublicense, incorporate into its products, and create derivative works of, any Feedback or any ideas or materials contained in or resulting from any Feedback, for any and all commercial and non-commercial purposes. For greater certainty, you agree that Elastic may use and exploit any Feedback in any way at our discretion, without compensation or obligation to you or to any other party.
3.3 User Content. You retain ownership of all information and content (including text, images, video, audio, and other material) that you upload, publish, transmit, link to or otherwise make available through the Services (“User Content”). You grant to Elastic a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to access, use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, disseminate, perform, transmit, display, store, index and archive User Content or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology, for the full term of any rights that may exist in such User Content, for the purpose of providing the Services. You are solely responsible for User Content that you upload, publish, transmit, link to or otherwise make available through the Services. If you are posting User Content belonging to or generated by or on behalf of a third party, you warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of that third party and to bind them to these Terms.
4. Payment
4.1 Credit. You may purchase “Credit” which may be exchanged for certain email related services. Credit will remain in your account for as long as your account is active. If your account shows no activity for a period of twelve (12) months, your Credit will automatically expire and will no longer be available for use.
4.2 Billing. If you are purchasing Credit or otherwise making a payment to Elastic, you must provide Elastic with a valid credit card or other forms of payment instrument approved by Elastic. You agree that Elastic has permission to retain and/or share with financial institutions and payment processing firms your submitted payment information in order to process your purchase. If you select an automatic payment option, you agree that Elastic may automatically bill your credit card or other forms of payment instrument approved by Elastic in accordance with the terms of the applicable automatic payment option. Elastic may change the fees charged for Credit from time to time, including without limitation, fees charged under an automatic payment option, by posting a new pricing structure to the Services or otherwise providing you with notice. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all payments must be made in United States dollars.
4.3 Refunds. Elastic Email does not issue refunds for unused credit or unused periods of service. At our sole discretion we may offer a refund if a user requests one.
4.4 Disputes. You must submit to Elastic any disputes with respect to charges within sixty (60) days of the date such charges are incurred. You agree to waive all disputes not brought within sixty (60) days of the date charges are incurred and that all such charges are final.
5. Privacy & Data
5.1 The Privacy Policy available at https://elasticemail.com/resources/usage-policies/privacy-policy (“Privacy Policy“) is applicable to the collection, use and disclosure of personal data(“personal data”) by Elastic and is incorporated by reference into these Terms. Please read the Privacy Policy carefully prior to using the Services. For the purposes of these Terms, personal data will have the same meaning as in EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679(“GDPR”).
5.2 Email Record Retention. You acknowledge and agree that Elastic may, in its sole discretion, permanently erase email records (e.g. copies of emails sent and certain information relating to sent emails) after fourteen (14) days of such emails being sent, and Elastic has no obligation to retain such records beyond the fourteen (14) day period.
5.3 User Content Retention. Elastic may, in its sole discretion, permanently erase any User Content and any other information or materials associated with your account if your account is suspended or cancelled for thirty (30) days or more.
6. Confidentiality
“Confidential Information” means any information or materials of Elastic that is reasonably considered in the circumstances to be confidential or proprietary, including, but not limited to, trade secrets, hardware, software (source code and object code), specifications, designs, plans, drawings, data, prototypes, discoveries, research, developments, processes, procedures, intellectual property, market research, marketing techniques and plans, business plans and strategies, pricing policies and price lists, and financial information or other business and/or technical information and materials, whether in oral, written, electronic, graphic or machine-readable form. You agree to keep strictly confidential the Confidential Information and to not use or disclose the Confidential Information for any purpose other than as required for your use of the Services.
7. Term and Termination
7.1 Term. These Terms shall commence on the date on which you first register for, access or use the Services and shall continue until your account is cancelled.
7.2 Termination. You may cancel your account at any time by sending a cancellation request to support@elasticemail.com or you can do it on your own, by clicking on My Account, choosing Profile, and scrolling down the page. Elastic reserves the right, in its sole discretion and at any time, to immediately suspend or cancel your account, with or without cause, with or without notice, and without any refund other than returning any unused Credit remaining in your account. If the account was terminated because of misuse of Services or because of breaking the rules set out in our Terms, we reserve the right not to give any refunds. We do not provide refunds automatically. If you feel you are entitled to a refund, you need to contact us using proper customer service communication channels. You acknowledge and agree that Elastic will not be liable to you or any third party as a result of such suspension or termination, provided that in the event your account is canceled without cause, Elastic will refund you any unused Credit remaining in your account.
7.3 Effects of Termination. Upon termination of these Terms for any reason:

any rights and licenses granted to you under these Terms will terminate;
upon request within sixty (60) days of termination, Elastic will provide you with a list of unsubscribe requests received by your account;
you shall continue to process all unsubscribe requests as required by law with respect to any email campaigns sent through the Services;
you shall immediately pay to Elastic any amounts that are outstanding.

7.4 Survival. The following provisions will survive termination of these Terms: Sections 3, 6, 7.3, 7.4, 8, 9, 10, 11.5, 12.1 - 12.3 and any other provision of this Agreement that must survive to fulfill its essential purpose.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ELASTIC EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ELASTIC EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR SATISFY YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (II) THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR ERROR-FREE; (III) THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE COMPLETE, ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR USEFUL; AND (IV) THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. IN ADDITION, ELASTIC EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY IN RELATION TO: (I) ANY CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY SUBSCRIBER CONTENT; (II) ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED OR PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES IN ASSOCIATION OR CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICES; (III) ANY HACKING OR OTHER UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE THE SERVICES; AND (IV) ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR SOFTWARE, COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER PROPERTY CAUSED BY VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CODE AS A RESULT OF YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES.
9. Limitation of Liability
9.1 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS, WHETHER BY STATUTE, CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER FORM OF LIABILITY, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE BY YOU WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES HEREUNDER DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.
9.2 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ELASTIC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF ELASTIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM OR RELATED TO: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, OFFERINGS, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES; (II) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT; (III) THE SUSPENSION OR TERMINATION OF YOUR ABILITY TO ACCESS THE SERVICES; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SITE OR FAILURE OF OUR SYSTEMS; (V) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES; (VI) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF OUR SYSTEMS OR YOUR TRANSMISSIONS, DATA AND/OR PERSONAL DATA; (VII) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY USING THE SITE; (VIII) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES OR THE LIKE THAT ARE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY; OR (IX) ANY OTHER MATTER OR EVENT RELATING TO YOUR OR ANY OTHER PARTY’S USE OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICES.
9.3 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF THIS SECTION IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS UNDER THESE TERMS BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND LIMIT THEIR POTENTIAL LIABILITY GIVEN THE FEES CHARGED FOR THE SERVICES, WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN SUBSTANTIALLY GREATER IF ELASTIC WERE TO ASSUME ANY FURTHER LIABILITY OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH HEREIN.
10. User Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Elastic harmless from and against any and all claims, actions or demands, including without, limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from or related to: (i) your access to or use of the Services or any User Content; (ii) your violation of these Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy ; (iii) your violation of any applicable laws, including without limitation, anti-spam or privacy laws; or (iv) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation, any intellectual property, privacy or proprietary right, or obligation of confidentiality. You will use your best efforts to cooperate with Elastic in the defense of any claim. Elastic reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
11. Resellers
11.1 Reseller Permission. Elastic may, in its sole discretion, permit you to resell the Services through sub-accounts to third parties (“Third Party Customers”). In the event Elastic grants you permission to act as a reseller of the Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Section 11.
11.2 Third Party Subscriber Contracts. You must enter into a binding agreement with each of your Third Party Customers on terms that are no less protective of Elastic than these Terms, and each such agreement must include, without limitation, an acceptable use policy and privacy policy that are no less strict than Elastic’s Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that you remain subject to these Terms and are fully liable and responsible for the actions or inactions of your Third Party Customers, including without limitation, any breach by your Third Party Customers of these Terms. Furthermore, Elastic reserves the right to enforce these Terms, without liability to you or your Third Party Customers, including without limitation, by suspending or cancelling your account or any sub-account of your Third Party Customers.
11.3 Billing. You will be charged Credit purchased pursuant to Section 4.1 for the use of certain email services by your Third Party Customers based on Elastic’s then current pricing for the Services. In the event there is insufficient Credit in your account to pay for the cost of the use of such services by your Third Party Customers, you acknowledge and agree that your Third Party Customers will be unable to use such services until you have purchased additional Credit, and Elastic will not be liable to you or your Third Party Customers for any loss or damage resulting from such limitation on use.
11.4 Support. You agree that you will be solely responsible for all aspects of customer relations management and support with respect to the Services for your Third Party Customers.
11.5 Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Elastic harmless from and against any and all claims, actions or demands, including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from or related to the use of the Services by your Third Party Customers. You will use your best efforts to cooperate with Elastic in the defense of any claim. Elastic reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
12. Referral Program and Provisions
12.1 By registering an account in the Elastic Email system, you automatically join the Elastic Email Referral Program.
This does not connect with any charges and there is no additional cost for you.
12.2 Under the Referral Program you obtain a unique reference link generated for you, which you can use to recommend the Elastic Email system to third parties.
12.3 Each time a third party registers an account in the Elastic Email system via your reference link within a period of six months from the date of their registration, you will receive a commission of 20% of each of the payments which the third party will make for the use of the Elastic Email service within their account registered as a result of using your reference link.
12.4 The commission fee will be calculated automatically on each of the payments referred to in paragraph 3 above. The amount of accumulated commissions is indicated in your Elastic Email account in the Account section under Referrals "https://app.elasticemail.com/legacy/#/account".
12.5 Payment of accumulated commissions to your account will be possible when the total amount reaches a minimum of $100 USD. As the payment is only possible via PayPal, you need to enter the details of your PayPal account in your Elastic Email profile.
12.6 When the amount of accumulated commissions reaches the threshold of 100 USD, you can request payment from your Elastic Email account at any time.
12.7 The commission paid is part of your revenue under the tax legislation. Any tax obligations associated with the income obtained in this way are your responsibility.
12.8 Under the Referral Program any illegal or immoral activity is prohibited, in particular:

sending out the reference link as unsolicited commercial communication,
illegal marketing of the reference link, in particular in breach of the provisions of the personal data protection regulations.

12.9 Elastic Email has the right to exclude you from the participation in the Referral Program whenever you take part in an illegal or immoral activity. In the above-said situation, the commission accumulated as a result of such activities will not be paid.
12.10 Your Elastic Email account must be Active and in good standing to receive commissions.
13. Plug-in Related Provisions
The provisions below refer to all users who have installed and have used the Elastic Email Sender plugin on WordPress.
13.1 Elastic Email provides a WordPress plugin which allows for the integration of the Elastic Email system with a WordPress installation. The details related to the plugin functions are described here: https://wordpress.org/plugins/elastic-email-sender/.
13.2 The installation of the plugin follows the general plugin installation procedure on WordPress.
13.3 Using the plugin requires entering the API code in the plugin settings. The API code is available after you log on to your account in the Elastic Email system.
13.4 As soon as the API code is saved, the email address associated with your account in the Elastic Email system is retrieved automatically from the database in the system and this address is recorded in the WordPress system database. This address is used to resolve explicitly who is logged on to the plugin and to execute plugin-related tasks. This solution also allows for the monitoring of what is sent by means of the plugin in order to optimize its performance.
13.5 The Elastic Email system records the events of enabling, disabling and uninstallation of the plugin. Despite the plugin uninstallation, the email address assigned to the plugin is still stored in the Elastic Email database for statistical and development purposes. Upon your request, the Elastic Email shall delete this email from the database.
14. General
14.1 Governing Law. You agree that these Terms, and your use of the Services, are governed exclusively by the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein (excluding conflicts and choice of laws principles). Any contract formed through the use of the Services will be deemed to have been formed and executed within the Province of British Columbia, Canada. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly excluded.
14.2 Dispute Resolution.
(a) Means of Resolution. You and Elastic agree that any disputes arising under these terms or otherwise in connection with your use of the Site will be resolved through arbitration under the Commercial Arbitration Act, R.S.B.C. 1996, c. 55, as amended from time to time. Arbitration will be held in Victoria, BC, Canada, and conducted in the English language. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that: (i) the courts in any relevant venue will have jurisdiction for the purposes of obtaining and enforcing injunctive or other equitable relief, and for the purposes of enforcing the decision of any arbitrator appointed in accordance with this provision, and (ii) Elastic may bypass arbitration in cases of fraud or other crimes against it, and in the case of interference with its technical operations or violations of its rights or property.
(b) Class Waiver. You acknowledge and agree that you and Elastic are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, unless both you and Elastic otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 12.2 will be deemed void.
14.3 Jurisdiction and Venue. If Section 12.2 is deemed void or is otherwise inapplicable, all disputes under these Terms will be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, provided that the courts in any relevant venue will have jurisdiction for the purposes of obtaining and enforcing injunctive or other equitable relief.
14.4 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable for delay or failure in performance (other than the making of payments) resulting from any cause beyond the reasonable control of such party, including but not limited to, acts of God, acts of war, riot, fire, flood, or other disaster, acts of government, strike lockout, power failures, or the inability to use or the failure of any third party telecommunications carrier or other services, which events or conditions prevent in whole or in part the performance by such party of its obligations hereunder or which renders the performance of such obligations so difficult or costly as to make performance commercially unreasonable.
14.5 Assignment. You may not assign any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our prior written consent. Elastic may freely assign our rights and obligations under these Terms, either in part or in full, without notice to you.
14.6 Notice. Elastic may communicate with you about the Services or these Terms, including any changes to these Terms, by email or by posting notices on the Site. Unless expressly prohibited by law, you consent to receive communications relating to the Services or our business relationship from Elastic electronically and agree that all notices, waivers, agreements, disclosures and other communications satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing. You may provide legal notice to Elastic at:
Elastic Email
Unit 107, 1208 Wharf Street
Victoria, BC V8W 3B9 Canada.
14.7 Nature of Relationship. Nothing in these Terms or from your use of the Services will create or be deemed to create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise or other business relationship between you and Elastic, even if your use of the Services is for a commercial purpose which has been authorized by us. You and Elastic will, at all times, be and remain independent contractors.
14.8 Severability. The provisions of these Terms are severable. If any individual provision is held to be invalid, unenforceable or contrary to applicable law, such provision shall be construed, limited, altered or deleted, as necessary, to eliminate the invalidity, unenforceability or conflict with applicable law while endeavoring to preserve the intention of these Terms, and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
14.9 Entire Agreement. These Terms, including the Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy and Anti-Spam Policy, together with any changes published by Elastic on the Site or otherwise communicated to you, constitute the entire agreement between you and Elastic governing your use of the Services. If you are using Elastic to process personal data falling within the scope of the GDPR, Elastic’s Data Processing Addendum(“DPA”) is available for download here. Once fully executed, such DPA shall hereby be incorporated into these Terms by reference. Please see our Guide to the GDPR for more information.
14.10 Waiver. The failure by Elastic to exercise or enforce any right or remedy under these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or remedy.
14.11 Contact. If you wish to contact Elastic with any questions, comments or concerns regarding the Services or these Terms, please send us an email at support@elasticemail.com.
Share this...FacebookTwitterLinkedin 









Products
Email Marketing
Email API
Email Marketing Pricing
Email API Pricing
Email Verification
Integrations


Resources
Get Started
Product Guides
Help Center
Blog
Video Tutorials
Case Studies


Developers
REST API docs
WEB API Docs (Legacy)
API Libraries
Status


Company
About
CareersWe're hiring
Brand Assets
Referral Program
Privacy & Terms
Sitemap


Contact
Customer Support
Contact
Blog Guidelines
Partnership
Report Spam




© Elastic Email Inc. 2022            













































































🍪 Cookie PreferencesElastic Email uses cookies to determine your access privileges on our website, to complete and support a current activity and to track website usage to provide you with the best experience possible. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Cookie Policy. Read moreAccept All Customize Use Necessary OnlyManage consent




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...

 





                                Necessary                            


 Necessary 


                                    Always Enabled                                



Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescription_GRECAPTCHA5 months 27 daysThis cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks.cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-marketing1 yearThis cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Marketing".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".CookieLawInfoConsent1 yearRecords the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.






                                Functional                            


functional




Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
CookieDurationDescription__sharethis_cookie_test__sessionShareThis sets this cookie to track which pages are being shared and by whom.G_ENABLED_IDPS7977 years 4 months 8 days 4 hoursGoogle uses this cookie for Google Single Sign-On.






                                Performance                            


performance




Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
CookieDurationDescription_gat1 minuteThis cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to restrain request rate and thus limit the collection of data on high traffic sites.






                                Tracking                            


tracking




Tracking cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
CookieDurationDescription_ga2 yearsThe _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._ga_9GFVDHZ5M52 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics._gat1 minuteThis cookie is installed by Google Universal Analytics to restrain request rate and thus limit the collection of data on high traffic sites._gat_UA-84667640-11 minuteA variation of the _gat cookie set by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to allow website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. The pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to._gcl_au3 monthsProvided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services._gid1 dayInstalled by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously._hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress30 minutesHotjar sets this cookie to detect the first pageview session of a user. This is a True/False flag set by the cookie._hjFirstSeen30 minutesHotjar sets this cookie to identify a new user’s first session. It stores a true/false value, indicating whether it was the first time Hotjar saw this user._hjIncludedInPageviewSample2 minutesHotjar sets this cookie to know whether a user is included in the data sampling defined by the site's pageview limit._hjIncludedInSessionSample2 minutesHotjar sets this cookie to know whether a user is included in the data sampling defined by the site's daily session limit._hjShownFeedbackMessage1 dayHotjar sets this cookie when a user minimizes or completes Incoming Feedback so that the Incoming Feedback loads as soon as it is minimized if the user navigates to another page where it is set to show.






                                Others                            


others




Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
CookieDurationDescription__tnp1 yearNo description__tzp1 yearNo description_hjSession_18487030 minutesNo description_hjSessionUser_1848701 yearNo descriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-tracking1 yearNo descriptioncurrentAccountIdpastNo descriptionintercom-id-a62u0ibr8 months 26 days 1 hourNo descriptionintercom-session-a62u0ibr7 daysNo descriptionmuc_ads2 yearsNo descriptionzapidentity1 yearNo descriptionzapsession7 daysNo description






                                Marketing                            


marketing




Marketing cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
CookieDurationDescription_fbp3 monthsThis cookie is set by Facebook to display advertisements when either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising, after visiting the website.fr3 monthsFacebook sets this cookie to show relevant advertisements to users by tracking user behaviour across the web, on sites that have Facebook pixel or Facebook social plugin.IDE1 year 24 daysGoogle DoubleClick IDE cookies are used to store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads and according to the user profile.NID6 monthsNID cookie, set by Google, is used for advertising purposes; to limit the number of times the user sees an ad, to mute unwanted ads, and to measure the effectiveness of ads.personalization_id2 yearsTwitter sets this cookie to integrate and share features for social media and also store information about how the user uses the website, for tracking and targeting.test_cookie15 minutesThe test_cookie is set by doubleclick.net and is used to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE5 months 27 daysA cookie set by YouTube to measure bandwidth that determines whether the user gets the new or old player interface.YSCsessionYSC cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages.yt-remote-connected-devicesneverYouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.yt-remote-device-idneverYouTube sets this cookie to store the video preferences of the user using embedded YouTube video.yt.innertube::nextIdneverThis cookie, set by YouTube, registers a unique ID to store data on what videos from YouTube the user has seen.












Save & Accept


Powered by 


























