


















Check Point Cookies Notice - Check Point Software













































 













Free Demo!
Contact Us
Support Center
Sign In
Blog





Search










Geo Menu



Choose your language...
English (English)
Spanish (Español)
French (Français)
German (Deutsch)
Italian (Italiano)
Portuguese (Português)
Russian (Русский)
Japanese (日本語)
Chinese (中文)
Czech (čeština)
Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia)
Korean (한국어)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Polish (Polszczyzna)
Turkish (Türkçe)
Taiwan (繁體中文)
Vietnamese (Tiếng Việt)








Products


Quantum

Quantum Maestro
Quantum Lightspeed
Quantum Security Gateway
Quantum Spark
Quantum Edge
Quantum IoT Protect
Quantum VPN
Quantum Smart-1
Quantum Smart-1 Cloud
Quantum Cyber Security Platform



CloudGuard

CloudGuard Network
CloudGuard Private Cloud
CloudGuard Public Cloud
CloudGuard CNAPP
CloudGuard Posture Management
CloudGuard Workload
CloudGuard AppSec
CloudGuard Intelligence
CloudGuard Spectral



Harmony

Harmony Endpoint
Harmony Connect (SASE)
Harmony Browse
Harmony Email & Collaboration
Harmony Mobile



Horizon

Horizon MDR/MPR
Horizon XDR/XPR
Horizon Events
ThreatCloud
Infinity Portal
View All Products A-Z >





Increase Protection and Reduce TCO with a Consolidated Security Architecture
DISCOVER
                                


Products Overview





Solutions


Cloud Security

Cloud Migration Security
Compliance in the Cloud
Cloud Threat Hunting
Developer Security


Cloud Providers

AWS Cloud
Azure Cloud
Google Cloud



Network Security

Hybrid Data Center
SD-WAN Security
Zero Trust Security
IoT Security



Users & Access Security

Secure Access Service Edge (SASE)
Endpoint Security
Mobile Security
Anti-Ransomware
Anti-Phishing


Security Operations

Zero-Day Protection



Industry

Retail
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Industrial Control Systems ICS & SCADA
Telco / Service Provider
Education


Business Size

Large Enterprise
Small & Medium Business
Consumer & Small Business
Solutions Overview >





Increase Protection and Reduce TCO with a Consolidated Security Architecture
DISCOVER
                                







Support & Services


Support

Create/View Service Request
Contact Support
Check Point Pro
Support Programs
Life Cycle Policy
License Agreement & Warranty
RMA Policy



Training

Mind
Training & Certification
Cyber Park
Secure Academy
SmartAwareness
eLearning
Redeem CLC Credits



Services

Professional Services
Account Management
Lifecycle Management Services
Security Consulting
ThreatCloud Managed Security Service
Incident Response Services




HackingPoint Training
Learn hackers inside secrets to beat them at their own game.
View Courses
                                







Partners


Channel Partners

Become a Partner
MSSP Partner Program
Global Systems Integrators
SMB Partners
Find a Partner



Technology Partners

Featured Technology Partners
AWS Cloud
Azure Cloud



Partner Portal 

Product Catalog
Renewal Tool
Partner Dashboard
Campaign Central
Campaign Marketplace




Check Point Partner Ecosystem
Frank Rauch,Head of Worldwide Channel Sales
Watch Video
                                







Resources


Resources

Content Resource Center 
Product Demos
Product Trials
Customer Stories
Events
Webinars
Videos
Cyber Hub



Downloads & Documentation

Downloads & Documentation
Product Catalog 
Renewal Pricing Tool



Cyber Security Insights

Check Point Blog
Check Point Research
Cyber Talk for Executives 
CheckMates Community




CPX 360 - NOW ON DEMAND
The most important cyber security event of 2022
LEARN MORE
                                










Search



Search






Geo Menu

Choose your language...
English (English)
Spanish (Español)
French (Français)
German (Deutsch)
Italian (Italiano)
Portuguese (Português)
Russian (Русский)
Japanese (日本語)
Chinese (中文)
Czech (čeština)
Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia)
Korean (한국어)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Polish (Polszczyzna)
Turkish (Türkçe)
Taiwan (繁體中文)
Vietnamese (Tiếng Việt)





Toggle Navigation












Privacy Policy | Website Terms and Conditions






Check Point Cookies Notice
This Cookies Notice provides you with information about the cookies we use and why we use them. It should be read together with the Check Point Website Terms and Conditions (governing your use of the Webpages and Services) and the Check Point Privacy Policy (outlining our practices regarding your personal data).
This Cookies Notice applies to cookies used on any Check Point website with the Check Point domain and the Check Point operated websites listed below including (each a “Webpage” and together the “Webpages”):

www.cybertalk.org
www.cpcheckme.com
www.zonealarm.com

This Cookies Notice also applies to cookies used on any Check Point service including these listed below, which may not be an exhaustive list (each a “Service” and together the “Services”):

Check Point Mobile Security Solutions;
ThreatCloud;
Capsule Cloud;
SandBlast Cloud Service

References to “We” and “Us” in this Cookies Notice means Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., 5 Shlomo Kaplan Street, Tel Aviv 67897, Israel, and other affiliates or companies within the Check Point international group.
Unless otherwise stated, the definitions used in the Check Point Website Terms and Conditions are adopted in this Cookies Notice.
A. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to and temporarily stored on your computer, smartphone or other device for accessing the internet whenever you visit a website.
B. WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?
We use Cookies for a variety of reasons, including:

To improve the functionality and performance of the Webpages and Services (including your user experience) and to make sure the Webpages and Services perform as you expect them to
To prevent any potential disruptions or cyber attacks to the Webpages or Services
To distinguish you from other users of the Webpages and Services, and
To allow us to tailor Webpage and Service content to better suit your interests and needs

C. TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
We use the following types of cookies on our Webpages:




Cookies
Description
Duration


Analytics and Integrity cookies
These help us analyze how you use the Webpages and Services and allow us to identify what you like, do not like and how we can improve things for you. They also allow for site integrity, such as remembering when you are logged into a secure area.
These cookies will remain until they are deleted.


Session cookies
These cookies are essential to ensure performance of our Webpages and allow you to use our online services. You will be unable to load our pages if you block these cookies. We also use session cookies to save your language preferences or display search queries.
These cookies will expire when you leave the Webpages.


Functionality cookies
These cookies are not essential but they enhance your use of the Webpages. Pre-filling of fields is one example of what these cookies do, as are social media cookies which allow for the sharing of content.
These cookies typically expire after 2 years.


Authentication cookies
These provide you with access to User Center: our secured login area and main portal (“User Center”). Without this cookie, you will be unable to register or log in, and thus be unable to access User Center.
These cookies typically expire after 6 years


‘Strictly necessary’ cookies
These cookies are essential to ensure performance of the Webpages and include Session Cookies.
These cookies typically expire after 3 months


Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies allow us to display promotions and advertisements from external websites that may be of interest to you. We have also signed a written data processing agreement with Google based on a template created by Google in association with data protection authorities. For further information on this, please contact Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland or visit www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and/or www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web-browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices if you are in the United States, or youronlinechoices.eu if you are outside the United States.
These cookies typically expire after 3 months




Most of the cookies we use do not save any information that can identify you as an individual. Instead, we receive general and anonymized information from these cookies regarding all users of our Webpages and Services, including, but not limited to: the services accessed, the browser and operating systems used, activity data relating to the use of documents, time and date stamps, the type of user device and the cities that users are located in. We only collect part of your IP address in a form that does not permit recognition of or mapping to a specific individual.
Where you have provided us with information about you as an individual (for example, by registering with us), we may use information collected using cookies to identify you as an individual and to inform you about products or services that may be of interest to you.
We use this collected data for the purposes of troubleshooting, internet based advertising, informing you about products or services that may be of interest to you and improving the services offered.
D. MANAGING YOUR COOKIES
By using the Webpages and/or closing the pop-up cookie notice, you consent to the use of cookies on the Webpages. If you do not consent to the use of cookies on the Webpages, you should immediately leave the Webpages and/or change your browser settings to block cookies.
The browsers of most computers, smartphones and other web-enabled devices are typically set up to accept cookies. If you wish to amend your cookie preferences for the Webpages, you can do this at any time by changing your browser settings. Your browser’s ‘help’ function will tell you how to do this. You do not have to accept cookies, however, please note that cookies are often used to enable and improve certain functions on the Webpages. If you choose to block cookies through your browser settings, it is likely to affect how the Webpages work and you may not be able to access all or parts of the Webpages.
For more information about how to disable cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web-browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices if you are in the United States, or youronlinechoices.eu if you are outside the United States.
E. CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Cookies Notice can be sent to us using the contact details set out below:
checkpoint.com/about-us/contact-us
Or: privacy_inquiries@checkpoint.com
United States
Check Point Software Technologies Inc.
959 Skyway Road, Suite 300
San Carlos, CA 94070
International
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
5 Shlomo Kaplan Street
Tel Aviv 67897, Israel







UnderAttack?








ChatHello! How can I help you?START CHAT



Contact







×
  Feedback









×Close








Related InformationWhat is a Secure Web Gateway (SWG)?What is a DNS (Domain Name Server)What is Web Security?





Products

Products Overview
Consumer Products



Resources

Customer Stories
Events
CPX 360
Webinars
Videos
Cyber Hub



Communities

Check Point Blog
Check Point Research
Cyber Talk for Executives
CheckMates Community



Technical Resources

User Center
Security Check Up
Advisories
Threat Map
Threat Wiki
URL Categorization
App Wiki



Company

Leadership
Company Overview
Investor Relations
Press Releases
Check Point in the Media
Careers
Contact Us
Merchandise Store






 Contact Sales
                                

North America:

+1-866-488-6691

International:

+44-125-333-5558





 Contact Support
                                

North America:

+1-888-361-5030

International:

+44-114-478-2845








Follow Us






YOU DESERVE THE BEST SECURITY™
©1994-
                            2022 Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Copyright | Privacy Policy







This website uses cookies for its functionality and for analytics and marketing purposes. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, please read our Cookies Notice.

OK






















×





