








Free Cookie Policy Generator - CookieYes























































































Company


About CookieYes





Support






English












 







Solutions



BY REGULATIONS


GDPR (EU)


CCPA (California)


PDPL (Saudi Arabia)




BY PLATFORMS




Squarespace


Joomla


Kajabi


WordPress


Wix


Magento


Drupal






Blogger


ImpressPages


Kartra


MODX


Weebly


Shopify









Product


Features


Pricing



Overview


Compare Plans


Request Quote





Resources





Help Guides


Blogs


Knowledge Base


Newsletter




FREE TOOLS


Privacy Policy Generator


Cookie Policy Generator


Cookie Checker







Partners



Agency Partner


Affiliate Partner





Company



About CookieYes






Support




Log in
Sign up for free











Free Cookie Policy Generator
Create a custom cookie policy to comply with the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive and CCPA in a jiffy!

Cost-free
Quick generation
Automatic updates
Exemplary support

GENERATE FREE COOKIE POLICY







Create a cookie policy page for your website in just a few clicks
[cky_video_placeholder_title]


Generate Cookie Policy & Get Compliant



1

Sign up on CookieYes
It’s free. No credit card required. Update to premium plans anytime.




2

Display cookie consent banner
Fully customizable and feature-packed. GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, CCPA compliant.




3

Scan your website for cookies
Detailed cookie audit. Automatically updates cookie list for compliance.




4

Generate your cookie policy
Cookie policy generator with pre-built template, cookie audit table and customizable content.






Your website is now compliant!





GENERATE FREE COOKIE POLICY






What is a cookie policy?
A website’s cookie policy is a detailed declaration about the cookies and trackers used on a website, how these cookies are used, what data they track, what purpose, and how users can modify the cookies set by a website on their browser.
Cookies are categorized as ‘online identifier’ in GDPR and can be considered as personal data under GDPR; hence they are subject to compliance. Not just browser cookies, but other types of cookies and tracking technologies such as pixel trackers, web beacons, social share buttons are also subject to GDPR.












Does my website require a cookie policy?
Any website that caters to visitors in the EU (GDPR) and California (CCPA) are legally required to have a cookie policy. Your website’s cookie policy can be a separate page or it can be integrated as a section in your privacy policy.
You are required to display an up-to-date, GDPR compliant cookie policy to inform users about the cookies and trackers present on your website, their purposes, and how users can control the cookies set by your website. Do this effortlessly with our free cookie policy generator!






Frequently asked questions



										Do I need a cookie banner for my website?



Cookie policy alone will not guarantee compliance with privacy regulations like GDPR or ePrivacy Directive. GDPR requires businesses to obtain valid consent before processing user’s personal data. The four conditions for GDPR consent are — freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous
Cookie consent banners are mandatory for compliance in the EU and a best practice under other laws. A cookie banner should declare information about what cookies and trackers are present on a website and give the users a choice of consent before dropping cookies on their browser.
Additional consent requirements of GDPR are – proof of consent and withdrawal of consent. Users should be able to withdraw/modify their consent easily and businesses should be able to provide proof of compliance.






										Why is cookie policy important?



GDPR
Users in the EU have the right to be informed about how their personal data is being processed. This includes information about cookies, as they can be classified as personal data under GDPR.
Websites are required to display cookie consent banners with clear information and obtain consent before dropping cookies on a browser. Websites should supplement cookie banners with a detailed, GDPR compliant cookie policy. You can achieve this with the free cookie policy generator from CookieYes.
CCPA
The California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) requires websites to inform users about the personal information they collect and process, including to which third parties they sell/share/disclose this data.
Websites are required to include a CCPA-specific privacy policy, including a section on cookies. While the US does not strictly mandate a separate cookie policy, if your website uses many cookies, or caters to EU users, it is best to have one.






										What should a GDPR compliant cookie policy include?



A cookie policy should include the following information in plain, easy-to-understand language:

Describe what cookies are and why they are used
Details of the types of cookies used by your site, their purposes and duration
How-to on opting out of cookies or changing cookie consent preferences

The same details fit the requirements for a CCPA compliant cookie policy. CookieYes’ cookie policy generator can help your website comply with both GDPR and CCPA with its custom-made and detailed cookie policy.






										Where should I display my cookie policy?



For best practices, link the GDPR cookie policy on your cookie consent banner or pop-up so users can be easily directed to the cookie policy page.
Display a link to your cookie policy on your website’s footer, so that it is accessible from every page of your site. On the mobile app, display your cookies policy in the menu, under the ‘About’ or ‘Legal’ sections.







Create your FREE Cookie Policy now!
GENERATE FREE COOKIE POLICY















Start your compliance right away
Sign up for free















Subscribe to our newsletter















I agree to receive newsletters from CookieYes and accept the Privacy Policy. 











Get Started

Features
Pricing
Compare Plans
Request Quote
CookieYes FAQ



Solutions

GDPR (EU)
CCPA (California)
PDPL (Saudi Arabia)



Resources


Help Guides


Blogs

Newsletter
Cookiebot Alternative
CookiePro Alternative



Free Tools


Privacy Policy Generator


Cookie Policy Generator


Cookie Scanner




Legal


Privacy Policy


Cookie Policy


Terms and Conditions


Data Processing Agreement




Company


About



Affiliate

Support






















4.8/5












4.7/5














© 2022 CookieYes. All rights reserved. CookieYes Limited is registered in the UK. Company no. 13074037
Any information, whether oral or written, obtained from the CookieYes website, services, tools, or comments does not constitute any form of legal and/or regulatory advice. If any kind of legal assistance is required, users should consult with an attorney, a lawyer, or a law firm.




























