



Cookies | ICO
































Skip to main content 




ICO: Information Commissioner's Office



The ICO exists to empower you through information.


Search


Search

Search










Menu




Home


Your data matters


For organisations


Make a complaint


Action we've taken


About the ICO














Your data matters/


Online/



                            Cookies
                        



Cookies


Share(Opens Share panel)



Share this page




Share via Reddit





Share via LinkedIn





Share via email








What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, eg remembering your preferences, recording what you have put in your shopping basket, and counting the number of people looking at a website.
The rules on cookies are covered by the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (PECR). PECR also covers the use of similar technologies for storing or accessing information, such as ‘Flash cookies’ and device fingerprinting.
The ICO is responsible for enforcing these rules.
How do the cookie regulations affect me?
You may come across information about cookies and similar technologies on websites and be given choices about how some cookies are used. This might include, for example, being asked to agree to a cookie being used for a particular service, such as remembering your preferences on a site.
Organisations have to provide clear and comprehensive information about the way they use cookies, and ensure that for any cookie not strictly necessary for their website, they give you an appropriate means of consenting to that cookie being set on your device.
How can I control my cookies?
Browser controls
You can use your web browser to:

delete all cookies;
block all cookies;
allow all cookies;
block ‘third-party’ cookies (ie, cookies set by online services other than the one you are visiting);
clear all cookies when you close the browser;
open a ‘private browsing’ / ‘incognito’ session, which allows you to browse the web without recording your browsing history or storing local data such as cookies (you should however be aware of the limitations of this feature in a privacy context); and
install add-ons and plugins that extend browser functionality.

Where to find information about controlling cookies

Microsoft Edge cookies information
Internet Explorer cookies information
Chrome cookies information
Firefox cookies information
Safari cookies information – mobile devices and desktops
Opera cookies information

Useful information

A number of websites provide detailed information on cookies, including AboutCookies.org and AllAboutCookies.org.
The European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website Your Online Choices allows you to install opt-out cookies across different advertising networks.
Google has developed a browser add-on to allow users to opt-out of Google Analytics across all websites which use it. This is also available in the Chrome web store.
Some browsers include a feature known as ‘Do Not Track’ or DNT. This allows you to indicate a preference that websites should not track you. However, whilst DNT is available in many browsers, websites are not required to recognise its request, so it may not always work. You can get help on how to use DNT in Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari and Opera.
Internet Explorer has a feature called Tracking Protection Lists which allows you to import a list of websites you want to block.
For more information on how private browsing works as well as its limitations, visit the support pages for your browser: Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari (mobile and desktop) and Opera.

Report your cookie complaints
We're asking people to report your cookie complaints. This will help us find out how organisations are complying with the cookie law. Rather than reply to each person individually, we will publish information about numbers and types of complaints reported, and let you know what we're doing about them.
Report your complaints




Further reading



Cookies

Action we've taken

















Share this page





Print this page





RSS feeds








 

English




English


Cymraeg









Follow us on Twitter





Like us on Facebook





Connect with us on Linkedin





Watch us on YouTube





Share this page




Share via Reddit





Share via LinkedIn





Share via email





Subscribe to our e-newsletter










English




English


Cymraeg








ICO: Information Commissioner's Office


Your data matters

Official information
Nuisance calls



For organisations

Guide to Data Protection
Guide to FOI
Guide to PECR



Action we've taken

Enforcement action
Decision notices
Audits



About the ICO

Who we are
What we do
News and events
Careers
Modern Slavery Statement







The ICO exists to empower you through information.







© Copyright
Privacy notice
Cookies
Disclaimer
Publications
Accessibility
Contact us

Phone: 0303 123 1113
Open Government Licence

                    All text content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated.
                







