

Cookies Policy | Cookiepedia




































All About Cookies

What are Cookies?
Types of Cookies
Online Tracking Technologies
The Benefits of Cookies
Cookies and Online Privacy

How to Manage Cookies

Google Chrome
Firefox
Firefox (iOS)
Firefox (Android)
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Opera
New Cookie Controls for Chrome


IAB Legal Text



EU Cookie Directive

EU Cookie Directive
Cookie Laws Across Europe
Cookie Law in the UK
Cookie Law Compliance Guidance
Cookies Consent
How To Complain About Cookies



The Cookiepedia Database

About Cookiepedia
Using Cookiepedia
How We Classify Cookies
Cookies and Privacy Policy



Free Website Scan












website
cookie
3rd party host









Cookie Notice

A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first party cookies. We also use third party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts.
More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:

Assisting you in navigation;
Assisting in registration to our events, login, and your ability to provide feedback;
Analyzing your use of our products, services or applications;
Assisting with our promotional and marketing efforts. (including behavioral advertising)

Below is a detailed list of the cookies we use on our Website. Our Website is scanned with our cookie scanning tool regularly to maintain a list as accurate as possible. We classify cookies in the following categories:

Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies

You can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies) by clicking on the “cookie settings” button below:


Cookie List
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:

Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Strictly Necessary Cookies


Cookie Subgroup
Cookies
Cookies used



cookiepedia.co.uk


__cfduid, OptanonAlertBoxClosed, OptanonConsent, ARRAffinity



First Party


onetrust.com


__cfduid



Third Party




Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.

Analytics Cookies


Cookie Subgroup
Cookies
Cookies used



cookiepedia.co.uk


__utmb, __utmv, __utmz, __utmc, __utmt, __utma



First Party






Manage Settings



Privacy Settings




The Cookiepedia Database

About Cookiepedia
Using Cookiepedia
How we Classify Cookies
Cookies and Privacy Policy




Sign Up for Free












                            Simplify compliance with ePrivacy and GDPR
                        



                                    Cookie Banner
                                

                                    Cookie Notice
                                

                                    Website Scanner
                                



                                    Cookie Preferences
                                

                                    Records of Consent
                                

                                    Do not Track
                                


Sign Up for Free


                            Get started for free. Upgrade anytime.
                        












© 2020 Cookiepedia. All Rights Reserved.



Cookie Notice |
                    Privacy Notice |
                    Terms of Use |
                    Contact Us







Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.

Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.

In some cases, data obtained from cookies is shared with third parties and may be considered a “sale of personal information” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). You can exercise your right to opt-out of that sharing at any time by disabling cookies.Allow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Analytics Cookies  Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.Back ButtonBackVendor Search  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My ChoicesBy clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Reject Cookies Accept All Manage Settings 