

































Cookie Policy | CityFibre














































Cookie Policy
 
			Check availability in your area
		     Reset  Check Now 
 
					Get Connected
				 
					Partners
				 
					About Us
				 
					Careers
				 
					News
				 
					Help
				         Close   Get Connected   
										Homes
									 
										Business
									 
										Landlords
									 
										Developers
									 
										Public Sector
									 
										Mobile
									 Partners   
										Products
									 
										Our Ethernet Network
									 
										Partner Support
									 About Us   
										Vision
									 
										Network
									 
										Building Better
									 
										Rollout
									 
										Management Team
									 
										Responsible Business
									 Careers   
										Early & New Careers
									 
										The CityFibre Way
									 
										Opportunities with our Partners
									 News   
										Press and Media
									 Help















				Cookie Policy
			








About Cookies
Our website uses cookies and by using our website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. Cookie is a piece of code which allows the web server to identify and track the activity of the web browser. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on this website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser or visit www.allaboutcookies.org.Blocking cookies
Your cookie acceptance can be managed and most browsers will allow you to refuse to accept Cookies. However, blocking cookies may have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
By blocking cookies on this website you will:
Be unable to register and login to the website.You will not be able to access the protected content on the website including videos and case studies.








				This website uses the following cookies:
			







Strictly Necessary











These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
CookieNameDescriptionorders.cityfibre.comXSRF-TOKENThis cookie is written to help with site security in preventing Cross-Site Request Forgery attacks.





Performance Cookies











These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
CookieNameDescriptioncityfibre.com_gat_UA-This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.www.cityfibre.com_pk_id*This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.www.cityfibre.comtestAdobe Analytics site tracking.cityfibre.com_gaThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics – which is a significant update to Google’s more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.cityfibre.com_gatThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics, according to documentation it is used to throttle the request rate – limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes.www.cityfibre.com_pk_ses*This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.cityfibre.com_gidThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.www.google-analytics.comgoogle_cidwww.mouseflow.commf_[website-id]The cookie contains information about the current session, but does not contain any information that can identify the visitor. The cookie is deleted when the session ends, meaning when the user leaves the website. (Mouseflow is an analytics tool that provides browser session details, including session replays, heatmaps, page visits, location (city/country), and similar meta data. For more information and to opt-out visit https://mouseflow.com/gdpr)www.mouseflow.commf_userThis cookie establishes whether the user is a returning or first time visitor. This is done simply by a yes/no toggle – no further information about the user is stored. The cookie has a lifetime of 90 days. (Mouseflow is an analytics tool that provides browser session details, including session replays, heatmaps, page visits, location (city/country), and similar meta data. For more information and to opt-out visit https://mouseflow.com/gdpr)





Functional Cookies











These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
HostCookie NameDescriptionwww.cityfibre.com_pk_ref.4.53b8orders.cityfibre.comorder_portal_
sessionenta.net_gatThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics, according to documentation it is used to throttle the request rate – limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes.bootstrapcdn.com__cfduidCookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.enta.net_gaThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics – which is a significant update to Google’s more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.enta.net_gidThis cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.fonts.net__cfduidCookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.





Targeting Cookies











These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
HostCookie NameDescriptioncityfibre.com_fbpUsed by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertiserswholesale.cityfibre.comvisitor_
id135281-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.info.cityfibre.comvisitor_
id135281-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.info.cityfibre.compardotCookie name associated with services from marketing automation and lead generation platform Pardot.info.cityfibre.comvisitor_id#####This is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.wholesale.cityfibre.comvisitor_id#####This is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.slideshare.net__utmaThis is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.slideshare.net__utmtThis cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service – limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minuteslinkedin.comlidcThis is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie that ensures the proper functioning of this website.twitter.compersonalization_idThis domain is owned by Twitter. The main business activity is: Social Networking Services. Where twitter acts as a third party host, it collects data through a range of plug-ins and integrations, that is primarily used for tracking and targeting.pardot.comvisitor_
id48832-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.pardot.comvisitor_
id#####This is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.slideshare.net__utmbThis is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.linkedin.comUserMatch
HistoryThis cookie is used to track visitors so that more relevant ads can be presented based on the visitor’s preferences.scorecardresearch.comUIDThis cookie provides a uniquely assigned, machine-generated user ID and gathers data about activity on the website. This data may be sent to a 3rd party for analysis and reporting.youtube.comCONSENTThis cookie carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.addtoany.com__cfduidCookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.hscta.net__cfduidCookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.linkedin.combcookieThis is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media.facebook.comfrpi.pardot.comvisitor_
id135281-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.ads.linkedin.comlangThere are many different types of cookies associated with this name, and a more detailed look at how it is used on a particular website is generally recommended. However, in most cases it will likely be used to store language preferences, potentially to serve up content in the stored language.slideshare.net__utmcThis is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors.When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.slideshare.net_uv_idyoutube.comVISITOR_
INFO1_LIVEThis cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface.doubleclick.nettest_cookieThis cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor’s browser supports cookies.pi.pardot.comvisitor_id#####This is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.pardot.comvisitor_
id135281-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.linkedin.comAnalytics
SyncHistorywww.facebook.comwww.linkedin.combscookieUsed by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.hubspot.com__cfduidCookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information.youtube.comYSClinkedin.comlangThere are many different types of cookies associated with this name, and a more detailed look at how it is used on a particular website is generally recommended. However, in most cases it will likely be used to store language preferences, potentially to serve up content in the stored language.go.pardot.comvisitor_id135281-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.go.pardot.compardotCookie name associated with services from marketing automation and lead generation platform Pardot.www.slideshare.netlanguageThere are many different types of cookies associated with this name, and a more detailed look at how it is used on a particular website is generally recommended. However, in most cases it will likely be used to store language preferences, potentially to serve up content in the stored language. The ICC category given here is based on this usage.pi.pardot.comlpv135281cityfibre.cnddtid.commtc_sidget.enta.netvisitor_id#####This is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.pi.pardot.compardotCookie name associated with services from marketing automation and lead generation platform Pardot.cityfibre.cnddtid.commtc_idcityfibre.cnddtid.commautic_referer_idcityfibre.cnddtid.comlhl8wzj30xfl6e
ynvhvq9qwget.enta.netpardotCookie name associated with services from marketing automation and lead generation platform Pardot.cityfibre.cnddtid.com3nc0lh1lmxpivz
qxoen1imkcityfibre.cnddtid.com7o3mqaees21z
z1slnbnmd49cityfibre.cnddtid.com7121597302
b4c57398e4e11
8402fa66acityfibre.cnddtid.comrk4xqiv6zdo1j2j
8q127mnvslideshare.net__utmzThis is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site – so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.cityfibre.cnddtid.commautic_
session_idcityfibre.cnddtid.comj7vzvv9wp9ex
7vymasl2xmrcityfibre.cnddtid.commautic_device_idgo.pardot.comvisitor_
id48832-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.go.pardot.comvisitor_
id#####This is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.get.enta.netvisitor_
id135281-hashThis is a cookie pattern that appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes. The cookies in this domain have a lifespan of 10 years.











If you have any questions about this cookie policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact us:
CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings plc.info@cityfibre.com0800 298 626715 Bedford StreetLondonWC2E 9HE












Follow Us






Top links



												News
											



												Careers
											



												About Us
											



												Help
											



												Modern Slavery Statement
											



												Privacy Statement
											



												Cookie Policy
											



												Press & Media
											




Contact Us
	CityFibre Holdings Limited
								Registered in England at:
								15 Bedford Street, London
								WC2E 9HE
								Company number: 07488363
								VAT No.: 170394117
							



Contact Us

							CityFibre Holdings Limited
							Registered in England at:
							15 Bedford Street, London
							WC2E 9HE
							Company number: 07488363
							VAT No.: 170394117
						



							If you have any queries or complaints regarding construction, please call 0800 083 6160 or
							fill in our online form.
							For service incidents and emergencies, please contact 0800 298 6267.
						


Follow Us



































By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more detailed information about the Cookie Policy, click here.Accept All CookiesCookies SettingsPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
            For more detailed information about the Cookie Policy, click here.Allow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonPerformance Cookies  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices