LitCharts | Cookie Policy
Upgrade to LitCharts A+
Instant downloads of all 1658 LitChart PDFs.
LitCharts Teacher Editions
Teach your students to analyze literature like LitCharts does.
Detailed explanations, analysis, and citation info for every important quote on LitCharts.
The original text plus a side-by-side modern translation of every Shakespeare play.
Sign Up
Already have an account?
Sign in
From the creators of SparkNotes, something better.
Literature
Guides
Poetry
Guides
Literary
Terms
Shakespeare
Translations
Citation
Generator
Sign InSign up for A+Sign up
Literature
Poetry
Lit Terms
Shakescleare
Cookie Policy
Effective date: November 1, 2022
We are LitCharts, a Course Hero Company
This Cookie Policy describes the types of cookies and other tracking technologies we use, our purposes and basis for using them, and your choices regarding them
If you
have questions about this Cookie Policy, please see the
Contact Us
section of our Privacy Policy.
For purposes of this Cookie Policy:
“Course Hero Companies”,
“we” and “us” means Course
Hero, Inc
and its subsidiaries, including LitCharts (for a full list of
subsidiaries, please see our
Privacy Policy).
“Services” means the services offered by us,
as that term is defined in our Terms of Use.
“First party cookies” is defined as cookies
served directly by us to your computer or device.
“Third-party cookies” is defined as cookies
served by a third party on our behalf.
Cookies can be “persistent” or
“session” based
Persistent cookies remain on
your device after your browser is closed
Session cookies are
deleted automatically once your browser is closed.
Table of Contents
Background
Types of Cookies
Information About Interest-Based Advertisements
How to Manage Cookies
Browser Settings
Opting Out of Certain Analytics and Interest-Based
Advertising
EEA, UK and Canada Residents
Do Not Track Signals
Changes to this Cookie Policy
List of Cookies, Purpose, and Storage Periods
Background
Course Hero Companies and our third-party providers, including
those who provide website statistics on the use of our Services
and those who provide interest-based advertising services, use
cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web
beacons, clear GIFs and JavaScript (collectively,
“Cookies”) for a variety of purposes
For
example, we use Cookies to enable our servers to recognize your
web browser, tell us how and when you visit and use our Services
or open an email from us, analyze trends, learn about our user
base and operate and improve our Services
Cookies are small
pieces of data – usually text files – placed on your computer,
tablet, phone or similar device when you use that device to
access our Services
We may also supplement the information we
collect from you with information received from third parties,
including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on
your device(s).
Types of Cookies
Our Services use the following Cookies:
Essential Cookies.
Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features
or services that you have requested
For example, certain
Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services.
Functional Cookies.
Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and
settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences
over time and recognize you when you return to our
Services
These Cookies help us to personalize our content
for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences
(for example, your choice of language or region).
Analytics Cookies.
Analytics Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use
our Services
They do this by collecting information about
the number of visitors to the Services, what pages
visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are
viewing pages on the Services
Analytics Cookies also help
us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in
order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’
content for those who engage with our advertising.
Advertising Cookies.
Advertising Cookies collect data about your online
activity and identify your interests so that we can
provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you.
Advertising Cookies may include retargeting Cookies
For
more information about targeted advertising, please see
the
Information About Interest-based Advertisements
section below.
Information About Interest-Based Advertisements
Course Hero Companies may serve advertisements, and also allow
third-party ad networks, including third-party ad servers, ad
agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms, to serve
third party advertisements through the Services and/or
proprietary advertisements on unaffiliated properties
These
advertisements may be targeted to users who fit certain general
profile categories or display certain preferences or behaviors
(“Interest-Based Ads”)
Information for Interest-Based Ads
(including personal information) may be provided to us by you,
or derived from the usage patterns of particular users on the
Services and/or services of third parties
Such information may
be gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and
unaffiliated properties, including when you leave the Services.
To accomplish this, we or our service providers may deliver
Cookies, including a file (known as a “web beacon”) from an ad
network to you through the Services
Web beacons allow ad
networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research
and reporting for us and for advertisers
Web beacons also
enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when
you visit other websites
Web beacons allow ad networks to view,
edit or set their own Cookies on your browser, just as if you
had requested a web page from their site.
How to Manage Cookies
Browser Settings
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your
internet browser’s settings
Most browsers have an option for
turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser
from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the
sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on
acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways
You can also
delete all Cookies that are already on your device
If you do
this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences
every time you visit our website and some of the Services and
functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in
the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu.
To find out more information about Cookies, including
information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
or
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
if you are located in the UK.
Opting Out of Certain Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Some Course Hero Companies use Google Analytics
Google Inc.
(“Google") uses Cookies in connection with its Google Analytics
services
To confirm if we use Google Analytics on our Services,
please see the
List of Cookies, Purpose, and Storage Periods
section
For information about how Google Analytics collects and
processes data, please see "How Google uses data when you use
our partners' sites or apps", located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/

To opt-out of Google Analytics, visit Google’s
“How you can control the information collected by Google on
these sites and apps”
article available at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Similarly, some Course Hero Companies use
Google AdSense
to serve contextual, placement or interest-based advertisements
to you
To confirm if we use Google Analytics on our Services,
please see the
List of Cookies, Purpose, and Storage Periods
section
Google’s use of advertising Cookies in connection with
Google AdSense enables it to serve ads to our users based on
their visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting
Ads Settings.
Alternatively, you can opt out of Google’s use of Cookies for
personalized advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info.
Lastly, Course Hero Companies may work with third-party
advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest
you
To confirm if we use advertising Cookies on our Services,
please see the
List of Cookies, Purpose, and Storage Periods
section
Some of our advertising partners may be members of the
Network Advertising Initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN) or the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada’s Consumer Choice page at www.youradchoices.ca/choices
If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit
their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of
receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies
You
can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system
to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile
app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads
in mobile apps.
Please note that even if you opt-out of interest-based
advertising by a third party, these tracking technologies may
still collect data for other purposes including analytics and
you will still see ads from us, but the ads will not be targeted
based on behavioral information about you and may therefore be
less relevant to you and your interests.
To successfully opt out, you must have Cookies enabled in your
web browser (see your browser’s instructions for information on
Cookies and how to enable them)
Your opt-out only applies to
the web browser you use so you must opt-out of each web browser
on each computer you use
Once you opt out, if you delete your
browser’s saved Cookies, you will need to opt-out again.
EEA, UK and Canada Residents
If you do not wish to accept non-Essential Cookies in connection with your use of the Services or wish to withdraw your consent, you can opt out by clicking on
Cookie Preferences.
Do Not Track Signals
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows
you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and
services that you do not wish such operators to track certain of
your online activities over time and across different websites.
Because of our use of Cookies, our Services do not support Do
Not Track requests at this time
To find out more about “Do Not
Track,” you can visit
www.allaboutdnt.com.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We may change this Cookie Policy from time to time by posting
the updated version of the policy on the Services
Any changes
will take effect on the “Effective” date posted at the top of
this Cookie Policy
We encourage you to visit frequently to stay
informed about how we use Cookies.
List of Cookies, Purpose, and Storage Periods
Company
About Us
Our Story
Jobs
Support
Help Center
Contact Us
Citation Generator
Connect
Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
GDPR
Home
About
Blog
Contact
Help
Copyright © 2022 All Rights Reserved
Terms
Privacy
GDPR
Help us help you! Are you a...StudentTeacher or EducatorParentGeneral-Interest Reader
