Glow - Cookie Policy
By clicking “Allow Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts
Cookie NoticeDeclineAllow Cookies
Glow Apps & CommunityGlow®Ovulation & fertility trackerGeneral TTCOvulationBBT Help & Chart AnalysisFaint Lines/NO BFPsAssisted FertilityTTC NewbiesTTC in your 20sTTC in your 30sTTC in your 40sSee all Glow communitiesGlow Nurture®Pregnancy appGeneral PregnancyBirth StoriesBaby namesBaby Bump SelfiesUltrasounds By WeekFirst TrimesterSecond TrimesterThird TimesterFirst Time MomsSee all Nurture communitiesGlow Baby®Baby trackerPostpartum MommiesParentingBaby Pics!Baby, toddler, kid questionsProduct RecommendationsBreastfeedingBreast Pumps Q&ACloth Diaper Q&ADadsSee all Baby communitiesEve by Glow®Period tracker & sex tipsSexplanationsPeriod TalkLove & SexRelationship TalkThe PillThe IUDTeen RelationshipsAdult RelationshipsHealth & LifestyleSee all Eve communitiesLog inSign up Sign up
Cookie Notice
Last Updated: December 17, 2020
This Cookie Notice explains how Upward Labs Holding, Inc
(together with our affiliates, “Glow”, “we”, “us” or “our”) uses cookies and similar technologies in connection with our websites and mobile applications.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website
Cookies serve different purposes, like helping us understand how a site is being used, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally improving your browsing experience.
Our sites may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them).
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, which we use to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits our websites
and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers or business partners on our websites, and can be used by these parties to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites
Third party cookies can be used for a variety of purposes, including site analytics, advertising and social media features.
What types of cookies and similar tracking technologies do we use on our websites and mobile applications?
On our websites, we use cookies and other tracking technologies in the following categories described in the table below.
Type
Description
Who serves them(link to privacy policy/site)
How to control them
Advertising
These cookies are used by advertising companies to collect information about how you use our websites and other websites over time
These companies use this information to show you ads they believe will be relevant to you within our services and elsewhere, and to measure how the ads perform.
Google
Facebook
Nativo
Amazon Publisher Services
You set preferences regarding Google cookies here.
You set preferences regarding Facebook cookies here.
You can set preferences regarding Nativo cookies here.
See ‘your choices’ below.
Analytics
These cookies help us understand how our services are performing and being used
These cookies may work with web beacons included in emails we send to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
Google Analytics
You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here and about how Google protects your data here
You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Sites by downloading and installing a browser plugin available here.See ‘your choices’ below.
Essential
These cookies are necessary to allow the technical operation of our services (e.g., they enable you to move around on a website and to use its features).
Not Applicable
See ‘your choices’ below.
Social
These cookies may allow you to log into our websites or apps through your social media account or share content in our websites that you find interesting through third party social media providers
These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Facebook Connect
See ‘your choices’ below.
Other technologies
Browser Web Storage
We may use browser web storage (including via HTML5), also known as locally stored objects (“LSOs”), for similar purposes as cookies
Browser web storage enables the storage of a larger amount of data than cookies
Your web browser may provide functionality to clear your browser web storage.
Web Beacons
We may also use web beacons (which are also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs) on our Sites and in our HTML formatted emails to track the actions of users on our Sites and interactions with our emails
Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages or within HTML formatted emails
Pixel tags are used to demonstrate that a webpage was accessed or that certain content was viewed, typically to measure the success of our marketing campaigns or engagement with our emails and to compile statistics about usage of our websites, so that we can manage our content more effectively.
Mobile Application Software Development Kits (SDKs)
We may use third-party software development kits (“SDKs”) in our mobile applications
A SDK is third-party computer code that may be used for a variety of purposes, including to provide us with analytics regarding the use of our mobile applications, to integrate with social media, add features or functionality to our app, or to facilitate interest-based advertising
SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly via our mobile applications.
Your choices
Your options for controlling what information cookies and similar technologies collect about you include:
Disable personalized ads
You can disable third party data collection for interest-based advertising by using the Disable Personalized Ads setting in our mobile applications.
Blocking cookies in your browser
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies
To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings
Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings
Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, our websites may not work properly
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our websites
For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our websites.
Third party opt-out features
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising through some of the third parties listed in the chart above by using the corresponding third party preference management features linked in the chart.
Industry association opt-outs
You may opt out of receiving interest-based advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here
You may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available here, and selecting the user’s choices
Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms linked above.
Blocking advertising ID use in your mobile settings
Your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our websites
For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our websites.
If you choose to opt-out of interest-based ads, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you
Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve interest-based ads are included in this list, and so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
For more information about how we collect, use and share your information, see our Privacy Policy.
Changes
Information about the cookies we use may be updated from time to time, so please check back on a regular basis for any changes.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Cookie Notice, please contact us at privacy@glowing.com.
ABOUT
NEWS
JOBS
BLOG
HELP CENTER
PRIVACY
TERMS
COPYRIGHT
SECURITY
SITEMAP
ADVERTISE WITH US
©2021 Glow®, Inc.
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
