Details about cookies on GOV.WALES | GOV.WALES
Skip to main content
We've saved some files called cookies on your device
These cookies are:essential for the site to workWe would also like to save some cookies to help:improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use ittailor communicationsAccept cookiesChange cookie settings
Home
Search
EnglishCymraeg
You are here:
Home
Details about cookies on GOV.WALES
Details about cookies on GOV.WALES
Lists the cookies on GOV.WALES and explains their purpose.
Use of cookies by GOV.WALES
Cookies are small text files sent to your computer or mobile device by the websites that you visit
They help make websites work better and provide information to the owners of the site
For instance, we use language cookies to know what language you would like the web site displayed to you in, we also use YouTube cookies to embed videos in pages and Google Analytics cookies to track users’ behaviour whilst on the site
By understanding how people use our site, we can improve the navigation and content to better meet people’s needs
The information collected by GOV.WALES includes IP address, pages visited, browser and operating system
The data will not be used to identify any user personally
The cookies we use on our site are:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Expires
Language version
langPrefWAG
This cookie is created by the content management system and is essential for the site to display to correct language version of the site.
When you close your browser
Session Tracking
JSessionID
To track a session when cookies are disabled
This allows the browser to preserve your session.
At end of session
GoogleAnalytics
_ga
This cookie is used to find out how visitors use our site
We use the information to help us improve the site
The cookie collects information in an anonymous form, including demographic information, the number of visitors to the site, whether they have visited before and the pages they visit.
2 years
CookieControl
civicAllowCookies
civicShowCookieIcon
This cookie records whether a user has accepted the use of cookies on our site.
10 hours
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
PREF
These cookies are essential for the display of YouTube videos on our site.
8 months
YouTube
use_hitbox
At end of session
TikTok
_ttp
To measure and improve the performance of your advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok
13 months
Adalyser captures a truncated IP address to allow us to identify the country from which a user is visiting the site, to allow us to measure the effectiveness of TV campaigns
They do not associate this with any other information about a user and so are unable to identify individuals through this.
Adalyser tracking sets the below cookies:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Expires
Adalyser Session
__adal_se
To determine whether a user has an active session.
At end of session
Adalyser Campaign
__adal_ca
To store which advertising campaign drove a user to visit.
6 months
Adalyser Conversion Window
__adal_cw
To tie back any conversion events to a user's earlier visit.
7 days
Adalyser Device ID
__adal_id
To store an Adalyser generated device ID.
2 years
Web browsers allow some control of cookies through browser settings
To find out more about cookies and how to manage them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
What information do we collect?
We use Google Analytics cookies and Crazy Egg page tracking to help monitor user activity, and to identify where improvements can be made to the site
We do not collect any personal information (e.g
your name or address) that would be able to identify you.
Google Analytics cookies are a web service provided by Google Inc
(‘Google’) and help to gather and analyse user activity
The information gathered about your use of the web site (including your anonymised IP address) will be transmitted to, and stored on Google servers in the United States
Please see the Google privacy policy, and Google's Terms of Service for detailed information.
Google will use this information to produce user activity reports for this website
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data previously held
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser
Please note that if cookies are disabled, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Crazy Egg page tagging keeps a record of user clicks through our web site, identifying how often links are clicked and if users scroll on pages so that we may identify and make improvements where needed
Please see the Crazy Egg privacy policy for further information.
Report anything wrong with this page
Share this page
Share this page via Twitter
Share this page via Facebook
Share this page via Email
Back to top
Contact us
Accessibility
Copyright statement
Cookies
Privacy
Terms and conditions
Alternative languages
Home
