Cookie Policy | Party City
Skip to main
FREE SHIPPING
OR SAME DAY DELIVERY ON $59+
Details
Oak Valley Plaza, Ann Arbor
OPEN 10AM - 6PM
Ship To
Canada
Find a Store
Track Order/Help
Show Navigation
Close Navigation
Cart 0 Items
0
Search
Search for...
Cancel
Recent Searches
Clear
Most Popular
Birthday Party
Halloween
Balloons
Decorations
St
Patrick's Day Tableware
Cart 0 Items
0
Birthday Party Supplies
Balloons
All Party Supplies
Holidays & Occasions
Shop by Theme
Costumes & Accessories
Candy & Bakeware
Sale & Clearance
Track Order/Help
Offers
Contact Us
Ship To
Birthday Party Supplies
Birthday Party Themes
Birthday Themes for Kids
Black Panther Birthday Party
Bluey Birthday Party
Encanto Birthday Party
Pokemon Birthday Party
Birthday Themes for Adults
Birthday by Age
Birthday Balloons
Birthday Party Favors
Birthday Cake & Candles
Birthday Piñatas
Birthday Hats, Sashes and Crowns
Personalized Birthday Supplies
Shop All Birthday Party Decorations
Birthday Banners
Birthday Yard Signs
Gift Bags & Wrap
Celebrate Their Birthday
Find party supplies in their favorite theme.
Shop Birthday Themes
Balloons
Birthday Balloons
Balloons by Age
Character Balloons
Balloons by Color
Balloons for Holidays & Occasions
Thanksgiving Balloons
Christmas Balloons
New Year's Eve Balloons
Balloon Weights & Accessories
Shop All Balloon Decorations
Balloon Arches
Balloon Garlands
Balloon Backdrops
Balloon Yard Signs
Helium Tanks & Pumps
Shop All Balloons by Type
Foil Balloons
Giant Balloons
Latex Balloons
Letter Balloons
Number Balloons
Balloon Delivery
You Design It, We Deliver It!
Make their day with a custom bouquet
The Balloon Builder makes it fast & easy.
Start Your Balloon Bouquet
All Party Supplies
Party Decorations
Shop All Tableware & Serveware
Tableware by Color
Table Covers
Plates
Cups
Cutlery
Serving Bowls, Trays
Party Favors
Invitations & Stationery
Personalized Party Supplies
Cake & Decorating Supplies
Candy
Party Balloons
Birthday Party Supplies
Theme Parties
Sale & Clearance
Serve Up a Festive Feast
Assemble a buffet spread looks as good as it tastes.
Shop Serveware
Holidays & Occasions
Shop All Holidays
Thanksgiving
Hanukkah
Christmas
Kwanzaa
New Year's Eve
Shop All Occasions
Gender Reveal
Baby Shower
Bridal Shower
Bachelorette Party
Wedding
Wedding Anniversary
Birthday Party
Personalized Party Supplies
Graduation
Thanksgiving Made Easy
Tableware, décor & wearables for your fall feast, all in one place.
Shop Thanksgiving
Shop by Theme
Shop All Party Themes
Kids’ Birthday Themes​
Adult Birthday Themes​
Alice in Wonderland
Carnival
Casino
Cocktail
Fiesta Theme
Tea Party
Hollywood
Luau
Paris
Party by Color
Galaxy
Decades
Western
Shop All Sports Party Themes
Football & NFL
Basketball & NBA
College & NCAA
Baseball & MLB
Soccer
Kentucky Derby
Race Car
Shop All Seasonal Party Themes
Fall
Winter
Spring
Summer
Shop All Halloween Themes
Fright
Traditional
Shop All Holidays & Occasions
Baby Shower
Make It a Feast for the Eyes
Give ‘em pumpkin to talk about at the dinner table.
Shop Thanksgiving Tableware
Costumes & Accessories
Shop All Costumes
Shop All Adult Costumes
Women's Costumes
Men's Costumes
Couples' Costumes
Plus Size Costumes
Shop All Kids' Costumes
Girls' Costumes
Boys' Costumes
Baby Costumes
Toddler Costumes
Family & Group Costumes
Costumes by Theme
Dog Costumes
Shop All Costume Accessories
Wigs
Masks
Makeup
Hats
Costumes by Color
Show Your Spirit
Find tutus, wigs & more to rep your school or team.
Shop Color Accessories
Candy & Bakeware
Candy Buffet by Color
Shop All Candy Containers
Candy Boxes
Candy by Brand
Shop All Candy By Type
Lollipops
Gumballs
Rock Candy
Ring Pops
Baking Supplies
Shop All Cake Supplies
Cake Icing & Decorations
Cake Stands & Boards
Shop All Cupcake Supplies
Cupcake Decorations & Picks
Cupcake Stands
Baking Cups
Cookie Decorating Supplies
Cake Pop Supplies
Baking Pans, Cookie Sheets
Boxes, Carriers & Treat Bags
Christmas Candy
Make Sweet Memories
Get festive with holiday candy & gingerbread house kits.
Shop Christmas Candy
United States
Canada
Change Your Store
Use My Location
Zip or City & State*
Radius
10
miles
20
miles
30
miles
40
miles
50
miles
Go
Home
Cookie Policy
Party City Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how and why cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit any Party City website or app
This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
What are cookies?
“Cookies” are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
They allow the website to recognize your device and remember if you have been to the website before.
Cookies are very common web technology – most websites use Cookies and have done for years
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as providing information to the owners of websites.
Cookies are used to measure which parts of the website people visit and to customize your experience
Cookies also provide information that helps us monito and improve the website’s performance.
To find out more about Cookies, including how to see what Cookies have been set on your computer and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Refusing or withdrawing consent to the use of Cookies
If you do not want Cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some Cookies and to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device
For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’, or ‘edit’ section or see www.allaboutcookies.org
Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies, including strictly necessary Cookies (see below), you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of the Party City websites.
If you want to remove previously-stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time
However, this will not prevent the Party City websites from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
First and Third-party Cookies
“First party Cookies” are cookies that belong to Party City and that Party City places on your device
“Third-party Cookies” are Cookies that another party places on your device through the Party City website
Party City may contract with third-party service providers to send e-mails to users who have provided us with their contact information
To help measure and improve the effectiveness of our e-mail communications, and/or to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on, the third-party service providers may place Cookies on the devices of these users.
First-party Cookies
We use Cookies to enhance the performance of our website and personalize your online Party City experience.
Cookies help us to collect information on how people use our website and which pages they visit
They enable us to monitor the number of visitors and to analyze website usage patterns and trends.
We collect this information anonymously, so it does not identify anyone as an individual and no personal information is stored in our Cookies
We always use Cookie data in a responsible way.
Our aim is to continually improve the Party City online experience
Cookies help to make our website work better and more efficiently
However, you can stop Cookies from being downloaded to your device from Party City at any time by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser
Most browsers will tell you how to change your browser settings to notify you when a Cookie is being set or updated, or to restrict or block certain types or all Cookies
Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information or by visiting: www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Persistent Cookies: We use persistent Cookies to improve your experience of using the Party City websites
This includes recording your acceptance of our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use the Party City websites
Persistent Cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically
Examples of persistent Cookies we use include:
COOKIEDescription
dwcustomer_*Identifies a registered shopper
Used only when you select “Remember Me.”
dwanonymous_*Random ID used to identify an unregistered shopper and track items are in your basket.
Session Cookies: Session Cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes
We use session Cookies to help us track internet usage as described above
Examples of session Cookies we use include:
COOKIEDescription
dwsidIdentifies the current browsing session.
dwsecuretoken_*Used with dwsid to secure your session.
dwac_*Stores the following data for analytics purposes: Session ID, report suite name, shopper’s customer ID, source code group ID (encoded), currency mnemonic, and time zone.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Party City websites
Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our system will issue Cookies when you direct your browser to the Party City websites.
The data collected by the Party City websites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above
In any event, such information will not be kept for longer than one year.
Our Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary**:** These Cookies are essential for the Party City website to perform its basic functions
These include those required to allow registered users to authenticate and perform account related functions, as well as to save the contents of virtual “carts” on sites that have an ecommerce functionality.
Functionality**:** These Cookies are used to store preferences set by users such as account name, language, and location
This allows the Party City website to provide you with personalized features.
Security**:** We use these Cookies to help identify and prevent potential security risks.
Analytics and Performance: Performance Cookies collect information on how users interact with our websites, including what pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data
We use these details to improve how our websites function and to understand how users interact with them.
Advertising: These Cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors who use our services or visit websites we host or provide, as well as to understand and report on the efficacy of ads served on our websites
They track details such as the number of unique visitors, the number of times particular ads have been displayed, and the number of clicks the ads have received
They are also used to build user profiles, including showing you ads based on products you’ve viewed on our websites
These are set by Party City and trusted third party networks and are generally persistent in nature.
Third-party Cookies
Third-party cookies may come from partners that provide functional web tools for our site, other websites where we advertise and from social networks.
Examples of third-party Cookies:
Social network sharing**:** If you share content from www.PartyCity.com using social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter, you may be sent Cookies from these websites.
Party City advertising**:** We sometimes advertise on other websites
These advertisements use third-party Cookies to help them to display personalized ads that are relevant to you.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at Privacy@partycity.com or call 1-888-280-7449.
View Cart
Pricing & Offer Details
Pricing, Promotions and availability may vary by location and on Partycity.com
See Details
Follow US
#PartyCity
Join the Party!
Sign up for tips, new products and specials from Party City!
Enter Your Email Address
Submit
Yes, I would like to receive promotional emails from Party City
You can unsubscribe at any time.
You’re All Signed Up! Let’s Party!
Whatever the occasion, we’re here to help with party inspiration, tips & tricks, special offers and discounts.
Help
Order Tracking
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping & Order Services
Bulk Orders
Accessibility
Help
Order Tracking
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping & Order Services
Bulk Orders
Accessibility
Company
About Us
Investor Relations
Careers
Potential Suppliers
Privacy & Security
CA Privacy Rights
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Company
About Us
Investor Relations
Careers
Potential Suppliers
Privacy & Security
CA Privacy Rights
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Resources
Find a Store
Coupons
Party Ideas
Resources
Find a Store
Coupons
Party Ideas
Get our app!
Free Shipping on orders $59+ mobile offers and alerts
Learn More
Text FUN to 94467
to receive mobile offers and alerts
Learn More
Privacy & Security
CA Privacy Rights
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Terms of Use
Make your party epic!Chat with a party planner now.Minimize chat invitation
