Michelin - Cookies policy
Michelin share
EN
FR
Contact
Group
Group
Make Michelin a leader in sustainable mobility
Rank amongst the world’s most innovative, responsible and high-performing companies
In our quest to make sustainable mobility a reality, we move closer to this ambitious goal every day
Offering everyone a better way forward – that’s Michelin’s purpose.
Home Group
Our purpose
About us
Our commitments
Our social footprint
Our governance
2021 Universal Registration Document.
PDF - 17.37 Mo
Sustainable Development and Mobility
Sustainable Development and Mobility
The Group’s societal responsibility is embodied by its Development and Sustainable Mobility strategy
This strategy aims to make Michelin one of the most innovative, responsible, and high-performing companies worldwide across all of its responsibilities: economic, environmental, social and societal.
Home Sustainable Development and Mobility
All-Sustainable approach
For people
For the planet
Working towards sustainable mobility
Michelin Code of Ethics
Sustainable Natural Rubber
Innovation
Innovation
Innovation is in Michelin’s DNA
It’s what allows us to offer sustainable solutions that fully meet all our customers’ needs.
Home Innovation
The VISION Concept
Innovation strategy
Research & Development
Open innovation
Industrial innovation
Michelin and Pyrowave join forces to industrialize an innovative plastic waste recycling technology
PDF - 210.13 Ko
Activities
Activities
Tires, solutions, and mobility experiences: explore all the products and services that Michelin develops and markets to improve your experience with mobility.
Home Activities
Tires
Services and Solutions
Mobility experiences
High-tech materials
Dive into Michelin’s hydrogen
Finance
Finance
Home Finance
Results and presentations
Results and presentations
Home Results and presentations
Results and sales
Capital Markets Day
Presentations to investors
Finance Calendar 2022
Investor Relations contacts
Share information
Share information
Home Share information
Share data
Michelin share
Capital rights structure
Dividend
Share split
Individual shareholders
Individual shareholders
Home Individual shareholders
Why invest in Michelin?
Become a Michelin shareholder
2022 Annual General Meeting
Michelin listens to its shareholders
The Michelin Shareholders’ Committee
Subscribe
Key figures and indicators
Key figures and indicators
Home Key figures and indicators
Financial key figures
Market trends
Consensus estimates
Ratings
Sustainability performances
Debt analysis
Regulatory Information and publications
Regulatory Information and publications
Home Regulatory Information and publications
Financial publications
2021 Annual report
Regulatory Informations CGEM – AMF
Regulatory informations Michelin Luxembourg SCS – CSSF
2021 Annual Report
2021 Universal Registration Document.
PDF - 17.37 Mo
Careers
Newsroom
Newsroom
Home Newsroom
News
Press releases
Calendar
Ambitions for the planet
2022 highlights
Publications
Conflict in Ukraine: all our news and press releases
Dive into Michelin’s hydrogen
Menu
Home
Cookies policy
Michelin at a glancePrevious press releasesPrevious publicationsCookies policyA 100% sustainable recipe...Green Gold Bahia ProgramMichelin, electromobility pioneerHydrogenLegal NoticePrivacy Policy2022 highlightsSite mapThe GroupSustainable Development and MobilityInnovationActivitiesFinanceCareersNewsroomContact
Cookies policy
A cookie is a text file or a piece of software that records information about your web browsing behavior
It is controlled by your browser and may contain a randomly generated unique number
You can read it, delete it or modify it.
Imprimer
Cookies policy
How Michelin uses cookies ?1 - Who we are and how we can be contacted2 - About our Data Protection Officer 3 - What is a cookie?   4 - Other policies we encourage you to read 5 - Why does Michelin use cookies? 6 -    How does Michelin inform you of the cookies that it uses? 7 - How to refuse and/or uninstall these cookies? 8 - What types of Cookies are used by Michelin?
How Michelin uses cookies ?
Michelin is committed to protecting your personal information and being clear and transparent about what information we collect and how we use it
When you use our website or applications, provided by Michelin, information can be collected through cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website or applications.
This Cookies policy describe the purposes for which we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies and how you can manage your preferences regarding cookies.
1 - Who we are and how we can be contacted
Our full company name is Manufacture Française des Pneumatiques Michelin] (“Michelin”) and when you use our website and our services directly we act as a Data Controller.
If you need to contact us you have a number of options, you can:
email us at  Contact form
send us a letter addressed to Place des Carmes Déchaux 63040 Clermont-Ferrand Cedex 9 France
contact us by phone at +33 473 32 20 00
2 - About our Data Protection Officer
While everyone at Michelin is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, we have a data protection Data Protection Officer who deals with all aspect of personal data at Michelin
You can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy.fr@michelin.com
3 - What is a cookie?
A cookie is a text file or a software element which records information relating to the navigation of your terminal on the Internet
It is under the control of your browser, and sometimes carries a unique and random number.
When Michelin mentions "cookies", these may be cookies or other similar technologies which are based on access to the device that you use (computer, tablet, smartphone) when visiting our websites
Third parties such as our partners and service providers may use cookies and similar technologies in connection with our Services.
A cookie allows Michelin or its partners, as issuers of cookies and during its period of validity, to recognise your device each time it accesses digital content containing cookies from the same issuer.
4 - Other policies we encourage you to read
Some of the information from cookies does not identify you directly or indirectly and does not constitute personal data
Others may allow you to identify yourself and constitute personal data and as such be subject to data protection regulation
For further information on how we use, store, keep your personal data secure and about your rights we encourage you to read our Privacy policy and the Privacy policies of our partners available through the Cookies management solution.
5 - Why does Michelin use cookies?
Michelin is always seeking new ways to better its Internet website(s) and to offer you, the internet user, a better service and experience
Thus, Michelin and its partners uses different types of cookies as indicated hereafter
For some categories of cookies (for example, advertising cookies) your prior consent is required by regulation before the cookie is installed or read on your device.
In any case, you have the control of these cookies
Therefore, you have the possibility to refuse, set up or destroy them.
6 -    How does Michelin inform you of the cookies that it uses?
When you first visit Michelin website or application, the Cookie management solution directs you to this page that provides you with all necessary information about the cookies used
This cookie policy is available on “cookies” tab on the footer of our website.
7 - How to refuse and/or uninstall these cookies?
a
Browser controls
Most browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings, which may be adapted to reflect your consent to the use of cookies
Further, most browsers also enable you to review and erase cookies
To learn more about browser controls, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
To learn more on how to configure cookies, you can visit the following website: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
b
Manage your preferences through a Cookies management solution
Michelin provide a Cookie preference solution to manage users’ consent on our websites or applications regarding cookies
This solution makes it possible to collect, store and transmit the consents of the users to Michelin and the concerned partners.
During your first visit to our site, this dashboard allows you to indicate your choice
You can accept them, configure them, decline them or access our cookie policy by clicking on the buttons available in the Cookie management solution.
You can indicate your preference either globally, or purpose by purpose, or even by categories of partners (vendors)
You also have access, for all partners, to their privacy policy.
You are free to accept or decline cookies but be aware that a refusal could make your browsing on our website less user-friendly and with less relevant content.
The consent given is valid for a period not exceeding the expiration date of the cookie regarding its purpose and no longer than necessary in accordance with the legislation
If you refuse any cookies, Michelin also remembers your choice and no longer presents the Cookie management solution to you for a defined period
At the end of this retention period, or if you delete the cookie related to the storage of your choice, the cookies management solution will be proposed to you again.
Whatever your initial choice, from time to time, you can always withdraw your consent or adjust your settings by using the Cookies management solution.
8 - What types of Cookies are used by Michelin?
A cookie can be classified in different ways.
By lifespan, a cookie is either a:
Session cookie which is erased when the user closes the browser.
Persistent cookie which remains on the user's computer/device for a pre-defined period of time according to the span that is attributed and the parameters of your internet browser
Retention periods vary from cookie to cookie
We determine the duration of cookies based on what is proportionate in relation to the intended outcome and then limit this to what is necessary to achieve the purpose.
As for the domain to which it belongs, they are either:
First-party cookies which are set by the web server of the visited page and share the same domain, in this case Michelin or its processors.
Third-party cookies stored by a different domain to the visited page's domain
they are placed by a third party, partners that Michelin has authorized (for example an advertising agency)
When they use cookies, these third-party partners are responsible for the cookies they use
We invite you to consult their Privacy policies available through our cookies management solution
You can also use their own cookies management tools to set your preferences.
Besides these characteristics relating to their functioning:
Cookies can pursue several purposes
Please note that the titles of categories may vary from one actor to another
To a better understanding, Michelin define them regarding the categories below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are cookies that are indispensable due to the fact that the functionality of the website is contingent on their existence
Their deactivation will cause important difficulties for using the site, or even the impossibility to use the services that it proposes
Many purposes are covered by these cookies
They permit, for example, to identify the terminals to dispatch the communication, to assign numbers to the data “packets” in order to dispatch them in the requested order, and to detect transmission errors or data loss, keep in memory the content of a basket during the session, customise the user interface (language, presentation of a service) or even authentication with a service.
These cookies also record the choice expressed by users regarding their cookies preferences so as not to request them again for a defined duration.
These cookies are based on Michelin’s legitimate interest
Because they are strictly necessary for your navigation, your prior consent is not required
These cookies are NOT managed by our Cookie management solution.
Analytics and audience measurement cookies
The audience measurement cookies help to recognize visitors of the website across their different visits
These cookies only stock an internet user’s ID (specific to each cookie) and is in no case used to collect nominative information belonging to the visitors
The data collected makes it possible to provide anonymous statistical data on visits (the number of visitors and pages visited, their frequency of return the duration of each visit, and the error messages encountered…)
They help to enables a performance increase of the Michelin internet websites.
The analytics cookies can be installed and managed by partners.
You are free to accept or refuse them, but by blocking them, Michelin will have less information to improve the performance of its site.
These cookies are used on the basis of your prior consent or Michelin’s legitimate interest if applicable.
A cookie is a text file or a software element which records information relating to the navigation of your terminal on the Internet
It is under the control of your browser, and sometimes carries a unique and random number.
When Michelin mentions "cookies", these may be cookies or other similar technologies which are based on access to the device that you use (computer, tablet, smartphone) when visiting our websites
Third parties such as our partners and service providers may use cookies and similar technologies in connection with our Services.
A cookie allows Michelin or its partners, as issuers of cookies and during its period of validity, to recognise your device each time it accesses digital content containing cookies from the same issuer.
A cookie is a text file or a software element which records information relating to the navigation of your terminal on the Internet
It is under the control of your browser, and sometimes carries a unique and random number.
When Michelin mentions "cookies", these may be cookies or other similar technologies which are based on access to the device that you use (computer, tablet, smartphone) when visiting our websites
Third parties such as our partners and service providers may use cookies and similar technologies in connection with our Services.
A cookie allows Michelin or its partners, as issuers of cookies and during its period of validity, to recognise your device each time it accesses digital content containing cookies from the same issuer.
Set up cookies
Test insertion video - TBa - 07/10/2022
Read more
Accueil
Read more
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Fields marked with an * are required
From *
To *
Text
Bonjour,
J'ai trouvé un lien qui pourrait vous intéresser sur www.michelin.com
Voici le lien en question : https://www.michelin.com/en/cookies-policy/
Message :
Dans certains cas, le lien est inactif
S'il vous plaît, copiez-le dans la barre d'adresse de votre navigateur.
I want to receive a copy of this mail
Recaptcha
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
Subscribe to our newsletters
Please fill form with valid email.
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookies policy
Contact
Linkedin
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Copyright © 2022 MICHELIN
All rights reserved
Enter your search and validate entrer
Michelin at a glance: Facts and figures
Share data
Press releases
News
Our publications
Our organization
Our history
Careers
"A better way forward"
Thank you for your interest in the Michelin.com emailing
Please select the various themes you may be interested in
Une erreur technique est survenue.
Vous souhaitez vous désabonner des newsletter
Unsubscribe
Veuillez entrer une adresse email valide.
an error has occured
Votre désinscription a été prise en compte.
