Privacy Policy
Skip to Content ↵ENTER   Skip to Menu ↵ENTER   Skip to Footer ↵ENTER
Shop our Products
Product OverviewFeaturesCustomize cPanelPricingReleasesFree Trial
Solutions
cPanel SEOWordPress ToolkitHyperscalersExtensions
Support
About
CompanyBlogNewsGiving BackJobsBrand Guide
Partners
Become a PartnerPartner Asset Library
Developers
Account Login
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Legal Agreements
Trademark
Support Agreements
Legal Store
Law Enforcement
Amendments
PRIVACY POLICY - CPANEL
Print or Save
OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY
cPanel is committed to providing information to its customers about how cPanel uses certain information
This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which cPanel, L.L.C
(cPanel, we or our) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from our customers (collectively, you or your) through the use of the cPanel Product and visitors to our websites.
Contacting us about privacy related questions and issues:
General questions: privacy [at] cpanel.net
Requests to know the personal information we collect: click here
Requests to delete personal information we have collected: click here
To opt out of the sale of information: click here
Our toll free number: 844-427-2635
If you are using an agent to make a request under our privacy policy: click here
Our Privacy Policy supplements, but does not replace, any other agreements or policies applicable to you including our Terms of Service (TOS), Partner NOC Agreement and Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)
You may find these policies useful in learning how we handle information.
cPanel complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-EU Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively (Privacy Shield)
cPanel has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity, purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability (Principles)
If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Principles shall govern
To learn more about Privacy Shield, please visit the U.S
Department of Commerce Privacy Shield website: https://www.privacyshield.gov/
For more information regarding our Privacy Shield certification, please see: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
WHAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data that identifies or is associated with you (Personal Information) and information regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies.
cPanel provides software and services which allow customers to manage their web hosting activities via hosting automation software (cPanel Product) made available via our website located at https://cpanel.net (Website) or through those licensed to distribute the cPanel Product, or those who are legally entitled to use the cPanel Product (Authorized Distributors).
This Privacy Policy applies to the cPanel Product, our Website, and all Corporate Sites[1].
Before accessing our Website or using the cPanel Product, please ensure that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
With the exception of individuals that use the cPanel Product as customers of our Authorized Distributors (as described at 3.1 below), cPanel is the controller responsible for the Personal Information we hold about you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE USE IT
We process Personal Information about the following types of individuals:
individuals who are our direct customers;
where our customer is a business or similar entity, individuals who are our customers’ employees, agents and other representatives
and
where the cPanel Product is licensed through an Authorized Distributor, individuals who are customers of our Authorized Distributors.
Please note that we process information about individuals who are customers of our Authorized Distributors in the same way as individuals who are our direct customers
However, we are not the controller of that information
the relevant Authorized Distributor will have its own privacy policy which will apply and any questions should be directed to that Authorized Distributor.
We collect Personal Information about you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us when you access our Website or use the cPanel Product
This can include information you provide to us when you register for an account, fill in a form, correspond with us via the Website, phone, email or otherwise, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, respond to surveys, agree to be a beta tester or use some other feature of the cPanel Product as available from time to time.
If you choose not to provide Personal Information, we may not be able to provide the cPanel Product to you or respond to your other requests
If you opt out of the sale of information, or click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button on our Website, or here, we may be unable to provide services to you if your request not to sell information includes a prohibition on processing payments for the products you purchase.
Schedule 1 describes categories of Personal Information we collect and how we use that Personal Information
When we process that Personal Information, the legal basis we rely on for this activity is also set out
If Personal Information is provided to third parties, that fact is stated
Finally, Schedule 1 also sets out information as to how we determine applicable retention periods
This schedule contains categories of Personal Information that we have collected since April 2018.
Regardless of whether you license the cPanel Product directly from us, or through Authorized Distributor, we automatically collect certain Personal Information about you indirectly about how you access and use the cPanel Product and information about the device you use to access the cPanel Product.
Schedule 2 sets out the categories of Personal Information we collect about you automatically and how we use that information
The schedule also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the Personal Information, the categories of recipients of the Personal Information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods.
We may link or combine the Personal Information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically
This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us.
We may anonymize and aggregate any of the Personal Information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you)
We may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the cPanel Product and developing new products and features
We may also share such anonymized information with others.
Sale of Personal Information
cPanel may use Personal Information to process payment for services, and, if chosen by a customer, may provide Personal Information to entities whose products cPanel resells
cPanel may also provide Personal Information to third parties in conjunction with a sale, or possible sale, of all or some of its assets and to corporate affiliates
Should a non-customer request information from cPanel pursuant to this Privacy Policy, that information will be transmitted to a credit bureau for authentication
We do not receive compensation for simply providing Personal Information to a third party (a traditional “sale.”)
MARKETING AND ADVERTISING
From time to time we may contact you with relevant information about the cPanel Product
Most messages we send will be by email
For some messages, we may use Personal Information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant information to share with you.
If you do not want to receive such messages from us, you will be able to tell us by selecting certain boxes on forms we use when we first collect your contact details
You can change your marketing preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails, or following the “update preferences” on these emails.
APPLYING FOR A JOB THROUGH OUR SITE
If you apply for a job through the Website, we, or a human resources company assisting us, may ask you to provide certain self-identifying information in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), and other federal, state, and local regulatory agencies
Providing self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with that information, we may submit it to the EEOC, and other federal, state, and local regulatory agencies, upon legal compulsion, for business-related purposes, responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
STORING AND TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security
We implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage
All Personal Information we collect from the cPanel Product will be stored on secure servers and will be protected by SSL encryption technology
All electronic transactions entered into via our Website will be protected by SSL encryption technology.
Where you register for an account on the cPanel Product, you are responsible for maintaining your account’s security as explained in our TOS
If you are not a direct cPanel customer, information about your account’s security may be explained in the contract between you and the Authorized Distributor from whom you license the cPanel Product.
International Transfers of your Personal Information
The Personal Information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third party service providers have operations
If you are located in the European Union (EU), your Personal Information will be processed outside of the EU, including in the United States
these international transfers of your Personal Information are made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as the EU-US Privacy Shield
If you wish to inquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Government Agencies and Law Enforcement
Our Transparency Report discusses the standards we use to evaluate disclosures to governments and law enforcement agencies
It is incorporated into this Privacy Policy.
CERTAIN RIGHTS THAT APPLY IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN THE EU
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights regarding Personal Information covered by the GDPR that we hold:
Right of access
The right to obtain access to your Personal Information.
Right to rectification
The right to obtain rectification of your Personal Information without undue delay where that Personal Information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure
The right to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the Personal Information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
Right to restriction
The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the Personal Information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that Personal Information.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation
There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case
You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
For data that is received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield, we have agreed to the Privacy Shield’s principles of Notice, Choice and Onward Transfer
Pursuant to Privacy Shield:
Notice: Schedules 1 and 2 describe the Personal Information we collect about you, how we use it, and the types of third parties with whom we share it.
Choice: Disclosure to third parties of Personal Information covered by Privacy Shield is set out in Schedules 1 and 2
For Personal Information covered by Privacy Shield, and which is not required for the operation of the Product or Services, we will provide you with an opportunity to decline to have us disclose this Personal Information to third parties for a purpose that is different than the one for which it was originally collected
Email marketing is opt-in, lists are segmented by reason for collection, and recipients may remove their names from email lists by unsubscribing.
Onward Transfer: When cPanel discloses information to third parties to provide functions on its behalf, cPanel will take appropriate measures to protect the privacy of the Personal Information it transfers
These measures are set out in paragraph 6.1
This Personal Information will only be shared with third parties to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform the services contracted for, or when cPanel must comply with applicable law
Third parties will not be authorized by us to process Personal Information in any other way
cPanel is responsible for the processing of Personal Information that it transfers to third parties acting as an agent on its behalf.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Shield Jurisdiction and Enforcement
As part of our participation in the Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S
Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, cPanel commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information transferred to the United States
European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact cPanel using the contact information listed at the end of this policy.
cPanel has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU Privacy Shield, operated by BBB National Programs
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/bbb-eu-privacy-shield-consumers/ProcessForConsumers for more information and to file a complaint.
Finally, and as a last resort, EU or Swiss individuals with residual complaints may invoke a binding arbitration option before the Privacy Shield Panel (as that term is defined in the Privacy Shield Framework).
Please note that we may be liable for the onward transfer of EU and Swiss personal data to agent third parties unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages.
cPanel may be required to reveal EU and Swiss Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities and to meet national security and law enforcement requirements
Our policies regarding this topic are set out in our transparency report: cPanel Transparency Report
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
The cPanel Product and Corporate Sites use cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from others
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the cPanel Product or browse our Website and also allows us to improve both the cPanel Product and Website.
These items allow for personalization of your experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device's hard disk (such as your computer or smartphone) for record-keeping purposes
A list of the cookies we use and other relevant information is set out in Schedule 3.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the essential operation of our Corporate Site and products such as to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Corporate Site and products when they are using it
This helps us to improve the way our Corporate Site and products work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Corporate Site and products
This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region), and your username.
Targeting cookies
These cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed
We will use this information to make our Website, and the advertising displayed on it, more relevant to your interests
We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please be aware that third parties (for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control
These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
The items we use that are covered by this paragraph are designed to help you get the most from the Corporate Sites and products but if you do not wish to receive them, most browsers allow you to change your settings
Please note that if you choose to refuse some of these technologies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Website and products
Should you configure your browser to block all cookies, you will not be able to access our products
These settings will typically be found in help section of your browser.
SELF SERVICE PORTALS
cPanel may provide blogs, chat features and moderated and unmoderated FAQs on the Website (Self Service Portal)
When you interact with a Self Service Portal, the information you provide may be read by cPanel employees
In addition, if you provide information to a Self Service Portal, other than method of contact operated by cPanel, any Personal Information you submit may be seen by third parties outside of cPanel’s control.
BETA TESTING
Some products may be provided to you as “Beta” products
The term “Beta” is defined in our End User License Agreement
The license of Beta Products from cPanel may require providing us with additional Personal Information
The Personal Information we collect from the license of Beta Products is set out in Schedule 1
Should you choose not to provide Personal Information to us, do not license or install the Beta Products.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The cPanel Product may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies
Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
The cPanel Product is not directed at persons under 16 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, without your consent, then please contact us using the details below so that we can take steps to remove such information and terminate any account your child has created with us.
HOW TO REQUEST INFORMATION ABOUT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Customers should fill out a request by logging in through their manage2 or store account
Customer’s identity will be verified based on authenticating through manage2 or your store account.
Non-customers may fill out a request form by clicking on this link: https://go.cpanel.net/privacy-request
A non-customer’s identity will be verified based on information provided and transmitted to a credit bureau for verification.
HOW TO REQUEST THAT WE DELETE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Customers should fill out a request by logging in through their manage2 or store account
Customer’s identity will be verified based on authenticating through manage2 or your store account
Your request to delete will be confirmed separately.
Non-customers may fill out a request form by clicking on this link: https://go.cpanel.net/privacy-request or by calling our toll free number
A non-customer’s identity will be verified based on information provided and transmitted to a credit bureau for verification
Your request to delete will be confirmed separately.
We may retain and continue to use Personal Information as permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law, including, for example, as necessary to complete a transaction you have requested or fulfil our contractual obligations to you, and to detect security incidents, fraud, or illegal activity.
HOW TO OPT OUT OF THE SALE OF INFORMATION
Paragraph 3.9 sets out the information that may be considered within the definition of a “sale” under some state statutes
It is important that customers carefully review the form: providing certain Personal Information to third parties may be necessary to pay license fees or to enable third party products to operate
To opt out of the sale of information click here.
USING AN AGENT TO MAKE A REQUEST UNDER OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If you seek to have an agent make a request under Paragraphs 12, 13, or and 14 above click here: https://go.cpanel.net/privacy-request
Note that customers are prohibited from sharing passwords to Manage2 and all other cPanel operated products and services, and should create a separate account for verified agents to avoid compromising their accounts.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time
If no updates have been made to this Privacy Policy for twelve months, it is automatically reviewed
When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will update the "last modified" date at the end of this Privacy Policy and provide notice to you through our product
Because the individual who accesses the cPanel Product may be different than the person who has authority to license the cPanel Product from us, it is important that the person with licensing authority review this Privacy Policy regularly
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
NOTICE TO YOU
If we need to provide you with information about something, whether for legal, marketing or other business related purposes, we will select what we believe is the best way to get in contact with you
We will usually do this by email, by placing a notice on our Website, as well as contacting the email address provided to us by you, or the Authorized Distributor
The fact that we may send notices to you will not stop you from being able to opt out of certain types of contact as described in this Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS – YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, residents of the State of California have the right to request from companies conducting business in California certain information relating to third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of Personal Information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes
Alternatively, the laws provides that a company may comply, as cPanel does, by disclosing in its Privacy Policy that it provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and information on how to exercise that choice
As stated above in this Privacy Policy, cPanel provides you choice prior to sharing your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes
If you do not opt-in or if you choose to opt-out at the time cPanel offers that choice, cPanel does not share your information with that identified third party for its direct marketing purposes.
SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS AND PROMOTIONS
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (Promotion) that may require registration
By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you by, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion
If you choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion in connection with winner selection, prize fulfilment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.
CONTACTING US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcome and should be addressed to the General Counsel at privacy [at] cpanel.net.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 29, 2022
It was last reviewed on April 29, 2022.
ANALYTICS IN GENERAL
The cPanel Product contains a number of analytical tools
This Privacy Policy covers tools that apply to Personal Information.
If you are a customer, you may view all of the analytical tools used by the cPanel Product here (The Data We Use Description): https://go.cpanel.net/analytics
Analytics that record the configuration of the server on which cPanel is used are required to be enabled
Licensees of cPanel software, and their users may not disable this feature
In “The Data We Use Description” this is referred to as “Configuration Analytics.”
(b) Analytics that record the use of the cPanel Interface are optional – but are enabled by default
They may be disabled by the licensee of cPanel software and the end user
In “The Data We Use Description” this is referred to as “Interface Analytics.” Information about how to disable Interface Analytics may be found here https://go.cpanel.net/analytics.
Interface Analytics collects the “company ID” used by the cPanel Software
cPanel may analyze this data to determine how a company uses the cPanel interface.
Google Analytics and Remarketing.
cPanel & WHM and all Corporate Sites use Google Analytics and Remarketing tools
Google Analytics is enabled by default
Information collected by cPanel using Google Analytics is retained for up to 26 months after your most recent activity.
To understand the information collected by Google Analytics, please follow this link.
The following information is collected by cPanel, retained by cPanel and transmitted to Google using Google Analytics:
cPanel & WHM
Audience information - This includes de-identified information about you, including your geographic location, preferred interface languages, how often you return, and what devices you use to access cPanel & WHM.
Acquisition information - This includes information about the path you took to arrive at your cPanel & WHM account, if you performed a search in order to find your account, if you clicked an advertisement which took you to your account, or if you participated in any social media or marketing campaigns which enabled you to arrive at your account.
(C) Behavior information - This includes information about what features of your cPanel & WHM you use regularly and which paths through cPanel & WHM you took.
Conversion information - This includes information about what goals you have achieved using cPanel & WHM.
Corporate Sites
Audience information - This includes anonymized information about you, including your geographic location, preferred interface languages, how often you return, and what devices you use to access the corporate sites.
Acquisition information - This includes information about the path you took to arrive at the corporate sites, if you performed a search in order to find the corporate sites, if you clicked an advertisement which took you the corporate sites, or if you participated in any social media or marketing campaigns which enabled you to arrive the corporate sites.
Behavior information - This includes information about what features of the corporate sites you use regularly and which paths through the corporate sites you took.
Conversion information - This includes information about what goals you have achieved using the corporate sites.
Google Remarketing
The corporate sites use Google Remarketing, or re-engagement, tools
These tools use cookies or other similar technologies (Remarketing Cookies) to serve cPanel’s advertising on websites not owned by cPanel
To do that, cPanel and third parties not affiliated with cPanel use Remarketing Cookies to track you across multiple websites and serve you with advertising based on your past visits to our corporate sites.
You can opt-out of Remarketing Cookies by:
visiting Google's "ad settings" here: https://adssettings.google.com/
visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s "opt out page:" here: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Or changing your device settings to block Remarketing Cookies
Disabling Google Analytics
In cPanel & WHM
In cPanel & WHM, you control your participation in Google Analytics
To find instructions for how to manage your participation, please click here - https://docs.cpanel.net/knowledge-base/cpanel-product/cpanel-analytics/.
In Corporate Sites
When using our corporate sites, you control your participation in Google Analytics by locating the "Manage Cookies" preference and allowing or declining cookies
Declining cookies will disable your participation in Google Analytics.
Requesting Deletion of Information Transmitted to Google by Google Analytics
To request the disclosure of your information, deletion of your information, a halt to the sale of your information, or exercise any other rights afforded to you by the relevant statutes listed in other areas of this Privacy Policy, please refer to Section 1.2.
For the Google Analytics deletion API, please use this link https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/
Version 04-29-2022
SCHEDULE 1 – PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE THE CPANEL PRODUCT, BETA PRODUCTS, THE STORE, OUR TICKETING SYSTEM OR FOR GENERAL INQUIRIES
Category of Personal Information
How we use it
Legal basis for the processing
Categories of recipients
Retention period
Categories shared with third parties
Contact information and basic personal details
Such as your name, phone number, address, domain name, e-mail address, relationship to cPanel, web hosting products used, country, server count, industry, and, where applicable, employment information such as name of your company and the nature of your role.
We use this information to:
communicate with you, sending statements and invoices, communications, news, alerts and marketing communications;
deal with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the cPanel Product;
operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the cPanel Product and any third party products chosen by you;
authenticate users to our products and systems;
process applications where you have applied for a job with us
and
Enter you into sweepstakes, contests and promotions at your request.
The processing is necessary for:
the performance of a contract and to take steps prior to entering into a contract
and
our legitimate interests, namely administering the cPanel Product, administering our ticketing and abuse systems for marketing purposes, for processing job applications and for communicating with users.
As required in accordance with how we use it, we will share your Personal Information with the following:
Service providers and advisors
Third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us, on our behalf, which may include providing mailing or email services, HR services, tax and accounting services, payments processing, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, third parties who provide items directly to customers, or providing analytic services.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Other third parties using the Self Service Portal
Where you provide information to a Self Service Portal (other than a char function operated by cPanel), your comments and any other Personal Information you submit may be seen by other third parties
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons
Third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement and regulators
(b) enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Website
and/or (c) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of cPanel, our customers or others.
For no longer than necessary for the purposes set out and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Domain name, or related IP resource, may be shared with third parties to administer functions associated with those items.
Email address will be shared with email delivery services to deliver both mandatory and opt-in email
Mandatory email is restricted to product operation.
Contact information will be shared with third party vendors when a customer purchases third party products offered by cPanel.
All information in this category will be shared with third party survey providers including Survey Monkey / Alchemer and Typform
The information shared is voluntary and will vary based on the nature of the survey.
All information in this category may be shared with third party ticketing systems, and ZenDesk (“ticketing integration providers”), to provide support
These ticketing integration providers may use third parties to provide computing power and store information.
Payment information
Details such as your bank account number or PayPal account and related information.
We use this information to facilitate payment for use of the cPanel Product, any third party products chosen, and to detect and prevent fraud.
The processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you and our legitimate interests, namely the detection and prevention of fraud and to ensure our users get paid for the resources they have provided.
Payment information
Details such as your bank account number or PayPal account and any information requested by our payment processors, or those of third parties whose products we provide, to receive payment for services.
Technical and server information
Information required for ongoing web-hosting activities such as: server address/hostname, IP address, domain name
log files
configuration files
service reports
and server-related information which we retrieve from your server where you have requested technical support which may also include usernames and passwords, root directory, affected accounts such as email accounts.
We use this information to:
operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the cPanel Product
resolve your technical issues at your request
and facilitate our customer interaction activities and customer forums;
where you have had a technical issue, we sometimes use the information to replicate the issue in order to identify weaknesses and make improvements to the cPanel Product
Normally, we will use an anonymized copy of this information though sometimes this is not possible
and
authenticate users to our products and systems and those third party products and systems who authenticate using this information.
The processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you
and administering our ticketing and abuse systems.
Where we collect and use your Personal Information for the purposes of improving the cPanel Product, we will first obtain your consent.
Domain name may be shared with third parties to administer domain functions.
Domain name will be shared with Google in Google Analytics.
Domain name may be shared with customer’s server administrator.
Technical and server information may be shared with third party ticketing systems, and ticketing integration providers, to provide support
These ticketing integration providers may use third parties to provide computing power and store information.
HTTP request of the user
information about the browser, host name, cPanel company ID, browser type and language
reads first party cookies and number of visits to site.
Third party code included in the cPanel Product retrieves data from HTTP requests of the user and via first party cookies
This enables a third party to perform analytics and provide aggregated analytical information to cPanel.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the cPanel Product to the user and to improve the cPanel Product generally
to monitor and resolve issues
and for marketing purposes.
Disclosed in conjunction with the description of Google Analytics.
Correspondence and comments
When you contact us directly, e.g., by email, phone, mail, via the Self Service Portal, when you post on message boards, blogs or complete an online form, we will record your comments and opinions.
To address your questions, issues and concerns and improve the cPanel Product, to determine products and services that may be of interest to you and to send you news, alerts and marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with users and for marketing purposes.
Self-identifying information.Where you have applied for a job with us, you may voluntarily provide us with certain self-identifying information.
We use this information for regulatory purposes, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements, responding to information requests and defending against employment related complaints.
The processing is necessary for:
the compliance with legal and regulatory obligations
and
our legitimate interests, namely defending against employment related complaints.
Self-identifying information may be processed by third party HRIS systems.
All Personal Information set out above.
We will use all the Personal Information we collect to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the cPanel Product, to communicate with you, to monitor and improve the cPanel Product, our Website and business, and to help us develop new products and services.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely to administer and improve the cPanel Product, our Website, our business and develop new services.
Images and Audio Recordings
Beta Program participants may have screen images of their use of the product captured for analysis
participants may also have audio recordings of their interaction with the product, and comments regarding the product captured by cPanel
Video recordings of such interaction and/or comments are optional at the participant’s discretion
While participating in a video or audio recording, written submissions may also be collected.
To evaluate the features, functionality of Beta Products.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely to administer and improve the cPanel Product, our Website, our business and develop new services.
Until the conclusion of the Beta program associated with the Beta Product.
None
SCHEDULE 2 – PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
Category of Personal Information
How we use it
Legal basis for the processing
Categories of recipients
Retention period
Categories shared with third parties
Information about how you access and use the cPanel Product
For example, the website from which you came and the website to which you are going when you leave our Website, how frequently you access the cPanel Product, the time you access the cPanel Product and how long you use them for, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the cPanel Product from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the cPanel Product.
We use this information to:
present the cPanel Product to you on your device;
determine news, alerts and other products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes;
monitor and improve the cPanel Product and our business, and to help us develop new products and services
and
Validate our software and license status.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the cPanel Product to the user and to improve the cPanel Product generally
to monitor and resolve issues
for marketing purposes
to communicate with users
to contact users
and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
As required in accordance with how we use it, we will share your Personal Information with the following:
Service providers and advisors
Third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us, on our behalf, which may include providing mailing or email services, tax and accounting services, payments processing, data enhancement services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction
Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons
Third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement
(b) enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Website
and/or (c) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of cPanel, our customers or others.
For no longer than necessary for the purposes set out and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Information may be shared with Google in Google Analytics.
Information may be shared with Foleon.
Information about your device
We also collect information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to the cPanel Product
This information can include details about the type of device, unique device identifying numbers, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the cPanel Product through the device, information about the server upon which the cPanel Product software log files, configurative files, server reports, your Internet service provider or mobile network, your IP address.
We use this information to:
enable the cPanel Product to be presented to you on your device;
operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the cPanel Product;
monitor and improve the cPanel Product and business, and to help us develop new products and services;
Validate our software and license status
and
Facilitate our customers interaction activities and customer forums.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the cPanel Product to the user and to improve the cPanel Product generally
to monitor and resolve issues
for marketing purposes
to communicate with users
to contact users
and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
For no longer than necessary for the purposes set out and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Information may be shared with Google in Google Analytics.
Information may be shared with Foleon.
Demographic Information
Information about the geographic location, total order cost, cost breakdown of a customer order, the order details, and the invoice identification of users of the cPanel Store.
We use this information to:
Determine the general location of direct orders for the cPanel Product
and
Correlate it with purchases of the cPanel Product.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the cPanel Product to the user, to improve the cPanel Product and cPanel Store generally
and for marketing purposes.
Additional information about this use is here:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2799357?hl=en
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction
Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
For no longer than necessary for the purposes set out and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Information may be shared with Google in Google Analytics.
Information may be shared with Foleon (using Google Analytics).
Information may be shared with Typeform.
Company ID
cPanel Configuration Analytics and cPanel Interface Analytics collect the Company ID associated with a particular installation of cPanel
Companies or individuals who use personal information in this field may consider this information personal.
We use this information to determine how a particular company uses the cPanel interface.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the cPanel Product to the user, to improve the cPanel Product and cPanel Store generally
and for marketing purposes.
Additional information about this use is here: https://docs.cpanel.net/knowledge-base/cpanel-product/cpanel-analytics-the-data-we-use/#interface-analytics
cPanel account management, customer service and marketing.
For no longer than necessary for the purposes set out and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Information may be uploaded to a Salesforce database
It is not shared with Salesforce for their use.
Technical Information when you visit Corporate sites.
IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display the particular Corporate site.
We use this information to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our Corporate sites and user’s experience on them
In particular:
how much time a user spends on which pages;
which links they choose to click
and
what users do and do not like on a particular Corporate site.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely: to tailor the Corporate Site to the user and to improve the Corporate site generally.
Information is sent to third parties to assist with website analytics
It may also be sent to corporate affiliates and contracted data analytics firms for review.
For no longer than necessary for the purposes set out and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
Information may be shared with Hotjar Ltd.
Information may be shared with Foleon.
SCHEDULE 3 – INFORMATION REGARDING COOKIES AND OTHER ACTIVITY MONITORING
Information collected
Categories of recipients
How we use it
Retention period
Creator
Information about item
Website and product uses
Google analytics: HTTP request of the user: information about the browser, host name, browser type and language.
cPanel, Google and Foleon
The cookie retrieves data from HTTP requests of the user and via first party cookies
This enables Google to perform analytics and provide aggregated analytical information to cPanel.
Persistent: cookie remains on visiting computer until deleted by visitor
cPanel retains aggregate information from Google analytics perpetually
No personal data is conveyed by Google to cPanel.
Google
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsTrackingOverview
Product and all Corporate sites.1
Google analytics: Reads first party cookies.
cPanel, Google and Foleon
Persistent: cookie remains on visiting computer until deleted by visitor
cPanel retains aggregate information from Google analytics perpetually
No personal data is conveyed by Google to cPanel.
Google
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsTrackingOverview
Product and all corporate sites.
Google Tag Manager.
Page views
Manages tags placed on interfaces by cPanel.
Google
https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/6102821?hl=en
All corporate sites
Google Remarketing
cPanel, Google and other third parties who use Google Remarketing
To place advertising on third parties sites.
Persistent: cookie remains on visiting computer until deleted by visitor.
Google
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
All corporate sites
CAKEPHP site counting cookie: Number of visits to site.
cPanel
Ascertain the number of times the site is visited.
Persistent: cookie remains on visiting computer until deleted by visitor.
Open source and cPanel
https://github.com/cakephp/cakephp/issues/2001
Applications.cpanel.net
IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display the particular Corporate site.
cPanel and Hotjar
We use this information to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our Corporate sites and user’s experience on them
In particular:
how much time a user spends on which pages,
which links they choose to click, and
what users do and do not like on a particular Corporate site.
Persistent: cookie remains on visiting computer until deleted by visitor.
Hotjar Ltd.
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookies
All Corporate sites.
Reddit Tracking Pixel
cPanel and Reddit
We use this information to understand how our users interact with our sites and the Reddit site
In particular: to track site engagement and response to ads, personalize product marketing based on website activity and interests.
Up to two years
Reddit
https://www.reddit.com/personalization/
All corporate sites
Twitter Tracking Pixel
cPanel and Twitter
We use this information to understand how our users interact with our sites and Twitter
In particular: to track site engagement and response to ads, personalize product marketing based on website activity and interests.
18 months
Twitter
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
All corporate sites
Facebook Tracking Pixel
cPanel and Facebook
We use this information to understand how our users interact with our sites and Facebook
In particular: (i) to track site engagement and response to ads, personalize product marketing based on website activity and interests
and (ii) target jobs ads to people who have interacted with a corporate site respond to that ad.
Until account is deleted
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
All corporate sites
LinkedIN Tracking Pixel
cPanel and LinkedIN
We use this information to understand how our users interact with our sites and LinkedIN
In particular: (i) to track site engagement and response to ads, personalize product marketing based on website activity and interests
and (ii) target jobs ads to people who have interacted with a corporate site respond to that ad.
Until account is closed
LinkedIN
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
All corporate sites
Foleon through Google Analytics
cPanel and Foleon
We use this information to understand how our users interact with our sites
In particular: to track site engagement and response to content on the site, personalize product marketing based on website activity and interests.
Up to two years following account closure
Foleon
https://cdn.foleon.com/assets/pdf/2021-03-13-data-processing-agreement.pdf
All corporate sites
Typeform
cPanel and Typeform
We use this information to collect surveys and associate survey responses with individual customers
Up to two years following account closure
Typeform
https://admin.typeform.com and https://www.typeform.com/help/a/what-other-companies-do-we-share-data-with-360029617191/
All corporate sites
[1] The term “Corporate Sites” refers to:
https://cpanel.net;
https://store.cpanel.net;
https://jobs.cpanel.net;
https://job.listings.cpanel.net;
http://news.cpanel.net;
https://blog.cpanel.net;
https://applications.cpanel.net;
https://conference.cpanel.net;
https://cpanel.net/demo/;
https://documentation.cpanel.net;
https://features.cpanel.net;
https://forums.cpanel.net;
http://releases.cpanel.net;
https://university.cpanel.net;
http://verify.cpanel.net;
http://partnernoc.cpanel.net;
http://trycpanel.net
cpanel.live/
api.docs.cpanel.net
docs.cpanel.net/
support.cpanel.net
webrossummit.com.
Print or Save
Products & Pricing
cPanel & WHM Overview
cPanel & WHM Features
Extensions
Customize Products
cPanel & WHM Trial
cPanel & WHM Releases
Pricing
Store Sign in
Support
Need Help?
Documentation
Migrations Services
Support Portal
License Verification
Security TSRs & CVEs
Company
About Us
Giving Back
Non-Profit License
EDU License
Brand Guide
Careers
Contact
Partners
Become a Partner
Partner Directory
Partner Sign in
Developers
Build for cPanel
Developer Docs
Application Catalog
Developer License
Knowledge Base
Forums
Extras
News
Blog
cPanel LIVE
cPU Certification
Feature Request
©2022 cPanel, L.L.C.
Legal Notices /
Privacy Policy /
Transparency Policy
cPanel, WebHost Manager and WHM are registered trademarks of cPanel, L.L.C
for providing its computer
software that facilitates the management and configuration of Internet web servers.
English
Accessibility Adjustments    Reset Settings    Statement    Hide Interface
Choose the right accessibility profile for you     OFF ON    Seizure Safe Profile Clear flashes & reduces color    This profile enables epileptic and seizure prone users to browse safely by eliminating the risk of seizures that result from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations
OFF ON    Vision Impaired Profile Enhances website's visuals    This profile adjusts the website, so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others
OFF ON    ADHD Friendly Profile More focus & fewer distractions    This profile significantly reduces distractions, to help people with ADHD and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements of the website more easily
OFF ON    Cognitive Disability Profile Assists with reading & focusing    This profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements of the website more easily
OFF ON    Keyboard Navigation (Motor) Use website with the keyboard    This profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys
Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.Note: This profile prompts automatically for keyboard users
OFF ON    Blind Users (Screen Reader) Optimize website for screen-readers    This profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack
A screen-reader is software that is installed on the blind user’s computer and smartphone, and websites should ensure compatibility with it
Note: This profile prompts automatically to screen-readers
Content Adjustments     Content Scaling        Default
Readable Font      Highlight Titles      Highlight Links      Text Magnifier      Adjust Font Sizing        Default
Align Center      Adjust Line Height        Default
Align Left      Adjust Letter Spacing        Default
Align Right      Color Adjustments     Dark Contrast      Light Contrast      High Contrast      High Saturation      Adjust Text Colors
Cancel
Monochrome      Adjust Title Colors
Cancel
Low Saturation      Adjust Background Colors
Cancel
Orientation Adjustments     Mute Sounds      Hide Images      Read Mode      Reading Guide      Useful Links     Select an option Home Header Footer Main Content
Stop Animations      Reading Mask      Highlight Hover      Highlight Focus      Big Black Cursor      Big White Cursor      HIDDEN_ADJUSTMENTS    Keyboard Navigation     Accessible Mode     Screen Reader Adjustments     Read Mode                 Choose the Interface Language      English      Español      Deutsch      Português      Français      Italiano      עברית      繁體中文      Pусский      عربى      عربى      Nederlands      繁體中文      日本語      Polski      Türk
Accessibility StatementCompliance status
We firmly believe that the internet should be available and accessible to anyone and are committed to providing a website that is accessible to the broadest possible audience, regardless of ability.
To fulfill this, we aim to adhere as strictly as possible to the World Wide Web Consortium’s (W3C) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1) at the AA level
These guidelines explain how to make web content accessible to people with a wide array of disabilities
Complying with those guidelines helps us ensure that the website is accessible to blind people, people with motor impairments, visual impairment, cognitive disabilities, and more.
This website utilizes various technologies that are meant to make it as accessible as possible at all times
We utilize an accessibility interface that allows persons with specific disabilities to adjust the website’s UI (user interface) and design it to their personal needs.
Additionally, the website utilizes an AI-based application that runs in the background and optimizes its accessibility level constantly
This application remediates the website’s HTML, adapts its functionality and behavior for screen-readers used by blind users, and for keyboard functions used by individuals with motor impairments.
If you wish to contact the website’s owner please use the website's form
Screen-reader and keyboard navigation
Our website implements the ARIA attributes (Accessible Rich Internet Applications) technique, alongside various behavioral changes, to ensure blind users visiting with screen-readers can read, comprehend, and enjoy the website’s functions
As soon as a user with a screen-reader enters your site, they immediately receive a prompt to enter the Screen-Reader Profile so they can browse and operate your site effectively
Here’s how our website covers some of the most important screen-reader requirements:
Screen-reader optimization: we run a process that learns the website’s components from top to bottom, to ensure ongoing compliance even when updating the website
In this process, we provide screen-readers with meaningful data using the ARIA set of attributes
For example, we provide accurate form labels
descriptions for actionable icons (social media icons, search icons, cart icons, etc.)
validation guidance for form inputs
element roles such as buttons, menus, modal dialogues (popups), and others
Additionally, the background process scans all of the website’s images
It provides an accurate and meaningful image-object-recognition-based description as an ALT (alternate text) tag for images that are not described
It will also extract texts embedded within the image using an OCR (optical character recognition) technology
To turn on screen-reader adjustments at any time, users need only to press the Alt+1 keyboard combination
Screen-reader users also get automatic announcements to turn the Screen-reader mode on as soon as they enter the website.These adjustments are compatible with popular screen readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack.
Keyboard navigation optimization: The background process also adjusts the website’s HTML and adds various behaviors using JavaScript code to make the website operable by the keyboard
This includes the ability to navigate the website using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys, operate dropdowns with the arrow keys, close them with Esc, trigger buttons and links using the Enter key, navigate between radio and checkbox elements using the arrow keys, and fill them in with the Spacebar or Enter key.Additionally, keyboard users will find content-skip menus available at any time by clicking Alt+2, or as the first element of the site while navigating with the keyboard
The background process also handles triggered popups by moving the keyboard focus towards them as soon as they appear, not allowing the focus to drift outside.Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.
Disability profiles supported on our website
Epilepsy Safe Profile: this profile enables people with epilepsy to safely use the website by eliminating the risk of seizures resulting from flashing or blinking animations and risky color combinations.
Vision Impaired Profile: this profile adjusts the website so that it is accessible to the majority of visual impairments such as Degrading Eyesight, Tunnel Vision, Cataract, Glaucoma, and others.
Cognitive Disability Profile: this profile provides various assistive features to help users with cognitive disabilities such as Autism, Dyslexia, CVA, and others, to focus on the essential elements more easily.
ADHD Friendly Profile: this profile significantly reduces distractions and noise to help people with ADHD, and Neurodevelopmental disorders browse, read, and focus on the essential elements more easily.
Blind Users Profile (Screen-readers): this profile adjusts the website to be compatible with screen-readers such as JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver, and TalkBack
A screen-reader is installed on the blind user’s computer, and this site is compatible with it.
Keyboard Navigation Profile (Motor-Impaired): this profile enables motor-impaired persons to operate the website using the keyboard Tab, Shift+Tab, and the Enter keys
Users can also use shortcuts such as “M” (menus), “H” (headings), “F” (forms), “B” (buttons), and “G” (graphics) to jump to specific elements.
Additional UI, design, and readability adjustments
Font adjustments – users can increase and decrease its size, change its family (type), adjust the spacing, alignment, line height, and more.
Color adjustments – users can select various color contrast profiles such as light, dark, inverted, and monochrome
Additionally, users can swap color schemes of titles, texts, and backgrounds with over seven different coloring options.
Animations – epileptic users can stop all running animations with the click of a button
Animations controlled by the interface include videos, GIFs, and CSS flashing transitions.
Content highlighting – users can choose to emphasize essential elements such as links and titles
They can also choose to highlight focused or hovered elements only.
Audio muting – users with hearing devices may experience headaches or other issues due to automatic audio playing
This option lets users mute the entire website instantly.
Cognitive disorders – we utilize a search engine linked to Wikipedia and Wiktionary, allowing people with cognitive disorders to decipher meanings of phrases, initials, slang, and others.
Additional functions – we allow users to change cursor color and size, use a printing mode, enable a virtual keyboard, and many other functions.
Assistive technology and browser compatibility
We aim to support as many browsers and assistive technologies as possible, so our users can choose the best fitting tools for them, with as few limitations as possible
Therefore, we have worked very hard to be able to support all major systems that comprise over 95% of the user market share, including Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, Opera and Microsoft Edge, JAWS, and NVDA (screen readers), both for Windows and MAC users.
Notes, comments, and feedback
Despite our very best efforts to allow anybody to adjust the website to their needs, there may still be pages or sections that are not fully accessible, are in the process of becoming accessible, or are lacking an adequate technological solution to make them accessible
Still, we are continually improving our accessibility, adding, updating, improving its options and features, and developing and adopting new technologies
All this is meant to reach the optimal level of accessibility following technological advancements
If you wish to contact the website’s owner, please use the website's form
Hide Accessibility Interface? Please note: If you choose to hide the accessibility interface, you won't be able to see it anymore, unless you clear your browsing history and data
Are you sure that you wish to hide the interface?  Accept Cancel
Continue
Processing the data, please give it a few seconds...
