Cookie Statement - BidSwitch
HOME
ABOUT US
OUR TECHNOLOGY
SOLUTIONS
FOR AGENCIES
FOR DSPs
FOR SSPs
FOR PUBLISHERS
RESOURCES
BLOG
BUYERS’ GUIDES
RESEARCH
CASE STUDIES
CONTACT US
LOGIN
✕
Cookie Statement
IPONWEBGroup Cookie Statement
Last updated: March 4, 2019
This Cookie Statement explains how IPONWEB GmbH and its group companies including BIDSWITCH GmbH and The MediaGrid Inc
(collectively “IPONWEB”, “we“, “us“, and “ours“) use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites
It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website
Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, IPONWEB) are called “first party cookies”
Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”
Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g
like advertising, interactive content and analytics)
The parties that set these third party cookies can recognise your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons
Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies
Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Websites
Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes
This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described in the table below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Website you visit):
Types of Cookie
Who serves these cookies
How to Refuse
Essential Website Cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
BidSwitch GmbH  The MediaGrid Inc.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use
However, without these cookies, certain functionality [(like videos)] may become unavailable.
Not applicable
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:http://x.bidswitch.net/opt-out
Analytics and customisation cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective are marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our Websites for you.
IPONWEB GmbHBidSwitch GmbHThe MediaGrid Inc.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:http://x.bidswitch.net/opt-out
Advertising cookies:
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you
They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
BidSwitch GmbHThe Media Grid Inc.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:http://x.bidswitch.net/opt-out
Client support cookies:
These cookies collect information that is used to help us provide client support to our uSlicer and uPredict clients.
IPONWEB GmbHThe Media Grid Inc.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:http://x.bidswitch.net/opt-out
Social networking cookies:
These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites
These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
Not applicable
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”.
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website
We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs")
These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites [or opened an e-mail that we have sent them]
This allows us, for example, [to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns]
In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Do you use Flash cookies or Local Shared Objects?
Our Websites may also use so-called "Flash Cookies" (also known as Local Shared Objects or "LSOs") to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our services, fraud prevention and for other site operations.
If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel
You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to "information" on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).
Why do we use cookies?
Our Websites may also use so-called “Flash Cookies” (also known as Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”) to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our services, fraud prevention and for other site operations.
If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel
You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time).
Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our services or online content.
Do you serve targeted advertising?
Third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve advertising through our Websites
These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be interested in
They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements
This can be accomplished by them using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services of potential interest to you
The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies
You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the cookie table above.
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies
If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted
As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
How do I reset or limit Ad Tracking on mobile devices?
Your mobile device may be enabled to serve you targeted ads.
If you are using an Apple device such as an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Apple TV you can turn off location-based ads provided by Apple
Instructions on how to do this can be found here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
If you are using a device that uses Android software such as a mobile phone and tablet, you can turn off certain types of ads
Instructions on how to do this can be found here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising
If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
How often will you update this Cookie Statement?
We may update this Cookie Statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons
Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Statement regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Statement indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at privacy@bidswitch.net.
Careers
Policies and Legal
Downloads
© 2022 IPONWEB Holding Limited, All Rights Reserved.
