The domain of domain registration: domain cz - regZone.cz
×Need help?Our staff are always ready to helpLive help is online...
Domain and Domain Registration
Navigation: skip navigation
home
price list
domains settings
webhosting
domain centre
partners
support
about us
Zaregistrujte si svoje domény u registrátora ZONER a.s.
We offer over 600 worldwide top level domains in our price list.
EUROPE
|
ASIA
|
AMERICA
|
EXOTIC
|
NOVÉ DOMÉNY
CZ domains' registration
Register domains with TOP Czech registrar
Prices already from 149,-
Domain registration include:
DNS records maintenance
50 MB e-mail
Support for DNSSEC
Choice of parking page
Customer support 24/7
TXT notification about expiration
FREE Website
More information here
Your e-mail for super price
Electronic mail with domain MiniWeb service.
Prices already from 35,-
Variant includes in price:
1000 MB of space
up to 10 e-mails
WebMail
POP3, IMAP, SMTP
POP3S, IMAPS, SMTPS
Antivirus protection
Antispam protection
More information here
Why regZone!cz
Project reg.Zone!cz of ZONER software company, accredited registrar of CZ, SK, EU domains, enables all customers to administer conveniently their domains' portfolio with a lot of other services
Another project CZECHIA.COM complements these services with professional webhosting.
What is for free with us?
FREE – DNS records management
FREE – 50 MB e-mail
FREE – Business cards, Parking pages
FREE – Visitors Overview
FREE – Customer support 24/7
FREE – Website
News and up-dates:
01
11
2022
EU domény na 2 roky jen za 149 Kč v akci
Právě teď je nejlepší doba k registraci evropské domény EU
Nyní ji nyní zaregistrujete za 149 Kč bez dph přímo na 2 roky.
20
09
2022
Změna cen u nových generických domén
Oznamujeme změny cen u registrací a renew některých domén, vzhledem k nárůstu nákupních cen ze strany registru Donuts.
30
08
2022
Změna cen u domény CZ
Od 1.10.2022 dojde ke změně cen prodloužení domény .cz.
Prodlužte své CZ domény za stávající ceny ještě dnes
Klidně o více let v centru administrace.
» news archive
Domain
Domain registration is the first step to obtain an Internet adress, so-called domain.A registration fee has to be paid to register domain and a renewal fee for each additional year extension is required.
Each domain has its owner and only one subject can own a domain
It is recommended to register a  domain name as quickly as possible.
Each domain has its own suffix (TLD)
The most frequently used domains among Czech user are: CZ domain, EU domain and COM domain.
If you are looking for web hosting services for your registered domain, take advantage of our hosting project CZECHIA.COM, the major provider of web hosting services in the Czech republic.
Transfer of domain    – Gain the advantages of regZone services
Client support    – We are 24h
available
Website
CMS, photo gallery,e-mail,with every domain.
Free with domain
Search
Log on the administration account
Help
česky
english
deutsch
home
price list
domains settings
webhosting
domain centre
partners
support
about us
Facebook
Hosting|
Website|
Domains|
SSL|
CZ Domain|
EU Domain|
FREE Website|
Gallery|
Christmas Gifts
Technical support 24/7 phone: 603 196 637, 543 257 018|
Contact information|
Rules|
Cookies settings|
© ZONER a.s.
Seller is obligated to issue a bill and online register income to tax registry acording to electronic record of sales rules
48 hour delay is allowed in case of technical issues.
RegZone.czDomain of domains' registration
ZONER cookies
Dear visitor, by clicking the OK button, you give us and our partners the consent to use cookies for necessary, analytical and marketing purposes on this device
By selecting Settings, you can determine which groups of cookies can be processed or their processing can be completely disabled
The necessary cookies are always stored to maintain the website's functionality.
Settings
OK
In this window, you can select cookie categories according to your preferences.
Necessary
These cookies ensure our website's flawless operation
They allow, for example, services to be inserted into an order, data to be stored with regard to the website's security, website log in and the like
The necessary cookies cannot be deactivated as this would disrupt the proper function of the website.
Preferential
Preferential cookies allow a website to remember information that changes how the website behaves or looks
For example, your preferred language or region.
Analytical
With tools like Google analytics, we can track how you use the site, from what sources and technologies
Based on this data, we can constantly improve the website to make it as user-friendly as possible
All data is anonymous, so we cannot identify specific users.
Marketing
Together with third-party tools, we can show your preferred partner ads based exactly on your interests
If you disagree, it is highly likely that your interests and preferences will not be taken into consideration, and you will be shown indiscriminate advertising
All your interest profiles are pseudonymized, so it is not possible to immediately identify you.
Allow selected
Allow all
