Cookie Settings
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
toggle menu
Navigation
Got it
Cookie FAQ's
How to manage and delete cookies
EU cookie law
How to comply with EU cookie law
Cookie Policy
Our website uses a number of cookies for a number of reasons
We explain these in this policy
Before we can use some - but not all - of these cookies, we need your consent.
You may alter your consent preferences - including to withdraw consent to non-essential cookies which you have previously given - at any time by moving the on/off toggles below, or by clicking 'Reject all non-essential cookies' to reject all optional cookies
Any selections you make will be automatically saved and you may navigate away from the Cookie Policy.
Your cookie settings
Essential cookies These are used to operate the core functions of our website, so that you may visit and move around it, and use its features
We do not require your consent to use these cookies
More information Experience enhancing cookies At present, we do not use these types of cookies
Choosing to 'Allow all cookies' or moving this toggle to 'on' will have no impact
If we wish to use these types of cookies in the future, we will provide details of the cookies so that you can make an informed choice as to whether you consent to our use of them at that time
More information Analytics cookies These help us to understand how visitors use and move around our website, which inform improvements and adaptions to our website
Rejecting these cookies prevents us from collecting such data
The performance of our site will not be affected
More information Social media cookies These provide us with anonymised demographics and browsing activity information, and help us to tailor and measure the effectiveness of our advertising on social media sites
Rejecting these prevents us from relating your visits to our website to our social media marketing campaigns and prevents social media sites from setting cookies on your device via pinsentmasons.com
More information
Essential cookies
Experience enhancing cookies
Analytics cookies
Social media cookies
Reject all non-essential cookies*
Your cookies settings were saved
*Your selections will be automatically saved and you may navigate away from the Cookie Policy.
If you have any queries concerning our use of your personal information, please email privacyteam@pinsentmasons.com
Please also visit our Privacy Policy, which explains how we collect your personal information, what we do with it and your rights in respect of it.
1
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website
Software on your device, for example a web browser, stores the cookies and sends them back to a website next time you visit
Cookies allow websites to recognise your device and preferences, and provide information to the owners of sites which can be used to improve your online experience.
You can find more information about cookies and similar technologies at www.aboutcookies.org.
2
The types of cookies that we use
This section sets out information about the cookie technology that we use on our site for which we are responsible
Where 'personal data' is processed by these cookies, Pinsent Masons LLP is the 'data controller' of that information, within the meaning of applicable data protection legislation
For an explanation of the meaning of these and other data protection legislation terms, and for comprehensive information about our responsibilities when handling personal data - including transfers of personal data across the Pinsent Masons business worldwide - and your rights in respect of any personal information of yours that we process, please see our Privacy Policy.
Third party providers of the cookie technology that we use may process data collected by the cookies on our site, in an aggregated form, for their own purposes
If this is the case in respect of any of the third party cookie providers that we use, we have indicated as much in the tables set out in this section.
Basic performance – 'necessary' or 'essential' cookies
We use essential cookies to operate the core functions of our website, so that you may visit and move around it, and use its features
We do not require your consent to use these cookies but you may be able to block these cookies yourself on your device/browser (see section 4 of this Policy)
However, without these cookies, our site is unlikely to work as you would expect and certain services that you may ask for, for example, signing into your online account, cannot be provided.
Where we process 'personal data' using these essential cookies, we do so on the basis of our legitimate interests to provide a website for visitors to use and to promote our business.
More information about our use of essential cookies
Purpose of essential cookies
The essential cookies that we use on our website are technically necessary for the site to function properly.
For example, essential cookies are required so that you can log into your account, set your preferences and complete forms
They remember you and your settings, and save you having to retype information when navigating between pages
They ensure our pages load quickly by distributing the workload
Essential cookies are also necessary for our site to distinguish between browsers, differentiate users behind a shared IP address so as to deliver correct content, and to recognise trusted traffic and apply security settings.
Data processed by essential cookies
When you navigate to and around our website our essential cookies collect your session ID, a time stamp of your visit and log in, and session verification data
Our essential cookies may also collect information about your browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system and mobile network.
Recipients
We process data collected by essential cookies on our own servers
Data collected by certain essential cookies may be collected, in aggregate form only from which no one visitor to our site can be identified or distinguished from another, by our third party essential cookie providers such as  Sitecore, for their own purposes.
Transfers
Our global presence means that your personal information may be transferred across the business worldwide due, for example, to our shared IT systems and datacentres, and cross-border working practices
For more information about such transfers across our business please see section 3 of our Privacy Policy.
Duration
Certain of our essential cookies are session cookies, meaning they expire once you exit your session and close your browser.
Other of our essential cookies may last for six months or longer, for example to remember your cookie preferences for this period and to recognise trusted traffic, or for as long as you retain an online account with us.
Help us to improve – 'analytics' cookies
Analytics cookies are used by us for statistical analysis purposes
This helps us to understand how visitors use and move around our website, which inform improvements and adaptions to our website to best meet our visitors' needs by, for example, making the most popular features the easiest to find and access or ensuring that our site works properly on the devices and technologies that our visitors use.
These cookies work by using a distinctive sequence of characters from which your browser or device can be identified ('unique ID'), which, for example, can be used by us to recognise the date and time of your visit(s) to our site
Our analytics cookies may also collect information about your browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system and mobile network
This information is used to distinguish you from other visitors to our site, but it cannot be used to identify you as a named individual.
We will only set these types of cookies where you have provided us with your consent to do so by either choosing to 'Allow all cookies' or by adjusting your cookie settings via the 'Your cookies settings', above
Where we process your personal information using these types of cookies, we do so on the basis of that consent.
Rejecting our analytics cookies will prevent us from collecting the data described above to improve our site for you and other visitors
The performance and functionality of our site will not be affected.
The analytics cookies that we use
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a widely used platform for measuring the performance of a website
It helps us to understand things like what our visitors are reading and what technology (e.g
browsers) we should prioritise for testing
This information is used to help us give you the best possible experience – more of what you want, and less of what you don’t.
We process the data collected by these Google Analytics cookies
Google Analytics may provide us with technical support
Data may be collected - in aggregate form only from which no one visitor to our site can be identified or distinguished from another - by Google Analytics to help improve Google Analytics' products and services.
Rejecting analytic cookies will prevent us from using Google Analytics cookies to collect data about your visit(s) to our site, which would be used by us in aggregation with other visitors' data to understand visitors' behaviour and how many visits are made to our site
This will not affect any consent to the use of Google Analytics cookies that you may give to other websites.
Cookie
Purpose
Duration
_ga
To distinguish users.
2 years
_gid
To distinguish users.
24 hours
_gat
To throttle request rate
If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_<property-id>.
1 minute
AMP_TOKEN
Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service
Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
30 seconds to 1 year
_gac_<property-id>
Contains campaign related information
Where we have linked your Google Analytics and Google Ads accounts, Google Ads website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out
Learn more.
90 days
Sitecore Analytics
Sitecore is the content management system on which our website sits.
The Sitecore cookie that we use serves a similar purpose to Google Analytics cookies
It is used to measure the performance of our website and help us to improve the experience of visitors.
We process the data collected by the Sitecore Analytics cookie
Sitecore Analytics may provide us with technical support
Data may be collected - in aggregate form only from which no one visitor to our site can be identified or distinguished from another - by Sitecore Analytics for its own purposes.
Rejecting analytics cookies will prevent us from tracking your visit to Pinsentmasons.com using Sitecore technology
This will not affect any consent to the use of Sitecore cookies that you may give to other websites.
Cookie
Purpose
Duration
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
This stores an ID that represents the device (issued by Sitecore) and a true/false value indicating whether visitor classification was guessed (robot or not robot)
Used by the tracker to identify a returning contact.
2 years
Social media cookies
We have configured the social media plug-ins on our website to only set cookies on devices used by logged-in members of those social media platforms
For example, we may advertise the services that we provide and job opportunities on certain third party websites such as LinkedIn
We use cookies from those third parties' sites on our own website to:
provide us with anonymised demographics and browsing activity information of the logged-in visitors to our own website;
help us to tailor our advertising on the websites of those third parties to previous logged-in visitors to certain pages of our own site
and
help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising.
These cookies work by using a distinctive sequence of characters from which your browser or device can be identified ('unique ID')
Social media cookies may also collect information about your browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system and mobile network
This information is used to distinguish you from other visitors to our site, but it cannot be used to identify you as a named individual.
We will only set these types of cookies where you have provided us with your consent to do so by either choosing to 'Allow all cookies' or by adjusting your cookie settings via the 'Your cookies settings', above
Where we process your personal information using these types of cookies, we do so on the basis of that consent.
Rejecting these cookies will prevent us from relating your visits to our website to our LinkedIn marketing campaigns
It will also prevent any cookies that you have given consent for LinkedIn to use to better understand your browsing behaviour to be stored on your device via pinsentmasons.com.
The social media cookies that we use
LinkedIn
These cookies help us to understand the performance of any advertising we do on the LinkedIn platform
They also allow us to deliver adverts to people who are likely to be interested in them (based on what they have read on our website)
For example, we might promote the new version of an annual report to those who read the previous year's report.
We process the data collected by these LinkedIn cookies
LinkedIn may provide us with technical support
Data may be collected - in aggregate form only from which no one visitor to our site can be identified or distinguished from another - by LinkedIn for its own purposes.
Cookie and domain
Purpose
Duration
UserMatchHistory
.linkedin.com
Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in EU, EEA, and Switzerland (the 'Designated Countries').
30 days
li_oatml
.linkedin.com
Used to identify LinkedIn Members who are not on LinkedIn at that time for advertising and analytics outside the Designated Countries and, for a limited time, advertising in the Designated Countries.
30 days
lms_ads
.linkedin.com
Used to identify LinkedIn Members who are not on at that time LinkedIn in the Designated Countries for advertising.
30 days
lms_analytics
.linkedin.com
Used to identify LinkedIn Members in the Designated Countries for analytics.
30 days
li_fat_id
Various, first party domain
Member indirect identifier for Members for conversion tracking, retargeting and analytics.
30 days
li_sugr
.linkedin.com
Used to make a probabilistic match of a user's identity outside the Designated Countries.
30 days
U
.adsymptotic.com
Browser Identifier for users outside the Designated Countries.
3 months
_guid
linkedin.com
Used to identify a LinkedIn Member for advertising through Google Ads.
90 days
lidc
.linkedin.com
Used for routing.
1 day
bcookie
.linkedin.co
Browser ID cookie.
1 year
bscookie
.linkedin.com
Secure browser ID cookie.
1 year
L1c
.linkedin.com
Browser ID cookie.
Current Session
BizoID
ads.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ad analytics.
6 months
BizoData
ads.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ad analytics.
6 months
BizoUserMatchHistory
ads.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ad analytics.
6 months
BizoNetworkPartnerIndex
ads.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ad analytics.
6 months
3
Note on 'Experience Enhancing' cookies
At present, we do not use experiencing enhancing cookies
Experiencing enhancing cookies would allow us to tailor content for you, for example to make our site and information displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Choosing to 'Allow all cookies' or moving the on/off toggle for 'Experience enhancing' to 'on' in your 'Manage my cookies' preference centre will have no impact at this time
We have included this section and consent toggle functionality as we anticipate that in the future we may wish to use these types of cookies with your consent
If we wish to process your personal information using these types of cookies in the future, we will do so on the basis of your informed consent at that time
This means that we will provide details of the cookies so that you can make an informed choice as to whether you consent to our use of them.
4
Cookie set by third parties
'Third party cookies' are cookies set by a domain other than the one that you are visiting
When you visit our website, third party organisations may place cookies on your browser, even if you are not a logged-in member of those organisations
This is because third party cookies do not require you to actively engage with the third party's content or visit their site, just load a page on which the third party's technology sits
For example, we use third party technologies such as video and audio hosting platforms to enable you to watch videos and listen to podcasts on our website
The providers of these technologies may deploy cookies to your browser when you visit the pages on our site where we are using their technologies.
These cookies may inform the third party organisations about your visit to our site which may be used by those organisations to deliver targeted messages and advertising to you
In all cases, we do not set these cookies and we have no access to the information that they gather
Such cookies are subject to the third party organisations' own cookie policies.
The third party technologies that we use on our website
Third party
Technology
Cookie/ Privacy Policy
Vimeo
Vimeo is our video hosting platform and it allows you to watch video content on our website.
Vimeo Cookie Policy
Audioboom
Audioboom is our podcast platform and it allows you to listen to podcast episodes on our website.
Cookie Policy (audioboom.com)
Google (Data Studio)
Google Data Studio allows us to present data visually (e.g
graphs, charts and clickable maps).
How Google uses cookies – Privacy & Terms – Google
Microsoft PowerBi
Microsoft PowerBi allows us to present data visually (e.g
graphs, charts and clickable maps).
Microsoft Privacy Statement – Microsoft privacy
Josef Legal
Josef Legal is a platform that allows us to host chatbots on our website.
Privacy Policy for the Josef Legal website | Josef
Microsoft Azure B2C
Microsoft Azure B2C is the technology allows us to have a secure, logged-in area of our website where you can set preferences and subscribe to our newsletter.
Cookie definitions - Azure AD B2C | Microsoft Docs
5
How to manage cookies using your browser
All recent versions of popular browsers give you a level of control over cookies
You can set your browser to accept or reject all, or certain, cookies
For instructions on how to manage cookies, please read the 'Help' section of your browser or visit our guide at www.aboutcookies.org.
If you use your browser settings to block all cookies, which would include blocking our 'basic performance'/ essential cookies, you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
2022 Copyright Pinsent Masons LLP
Your privacy matters to us
We use cookies that are essential for our site to work
To improve our website, we would like to use additional cookies to help us understand how visitors use the site, measure traffic to our site from social media platforms and to personalise your experience
Some of the cookies that we use are provided by third parties
Please visit our Cookie Policy for more information
To accept all cookies click 'Accept all'
To reject all optional cookies or choose which optional cookies to allow, click ‘Cookie settings’
This tool uses a cookie to remember your choices.
See our Cookie Policy for more information
Accept all
Cookies Settings
We are processing your request
\n Thank you for your patience.
An unknown error occurred, please input and try again.
