Privacy Policy | UrbanVPN
Your IP: 141.212.113.168
IP Country: United States
ISP: University of Michigan
Hide your IP
Urban Anti-Malware
Get for Free
Urban AdBlocker
Get for Free
VPN for Chrome
Get for Free
VPN for Edge
Get for Free
VPN for Firefox
Get for Free
VPN for Windows
Get for Free
VPN for Android
Get for Free
VPN for IPhone / Mac
VPN for IPhone
VPN for Mac
About
Compliance Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
User Rights
Why free?
Do not sell
Glossary
Features
Anonymous browsing
ISP throttling
Server locations
Unblock any website
Unlimited bandwidth
Unlimited devices
Unlimited VPN
VPN Locations
Choose your favourite location
South America
Argentina
Brazil
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Paraguay
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela
North America
Canada
Mexico
United States of America
Central America
Panama
Costa Rica
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Puerto Rico
Europe
Austria
Belgium
Belarus
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
United Kingdom
France
Finland
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Ukraine
Asia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Malaysia
Mongolia
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
Middle East
Israel
Jordan
Qatar
Turkey
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Africa
Algeria
Egypt
Morocco
South Africa
Oceania
Australia
New Zealand
Products
Choose the best solution for you
Browser Add-Ons
Free Browser Extensions
Free Urban AdBlocker
Free Anti Malware Protection
Free Hotspot Shield
Free Facebook AdBlocker
Free Youtube™ AdBlocker
Free Travel VPN
Hide my IP
DNS Leak
WebRTC Leak
VPN for Platforms
Free VPN for Windows
Free Android VPN
Free PC/Laptop VPN
Free Unblock Proxy
Free IPhone VPN
Free Mac VPN
Chrome Proxy Settings
IP location
Random Password Generator
Free Router IP Address VPN
VPN for Applications
Free Netflix VPN
Free Disney VPN
Free Instagram VPN
Free Twitter VPN
Free Reddit VPN
Free Craigslist VPN
Free Tumblr VPN
Free Roblox VPN
Free Amazon Fire TV Stick
Lifestyle VPN Solutions
Free Gaming VPN
-
Free VPN for PUBG
-
Free VPN for Free Fire
-
Free VPN for Mobile Legends
-
Free VPN for Warzone
-
Free VPN for Gameloop
Free Sports Streaming VPN
-
Soccer Streaming VPN
-
NBA Streaming VPN
-
IPL Streaming VPN
-
NFL Streaming VPN
-
MLB Streaming VPN
-
NHL Streaming VPN
-
UFC Streaming VPN
-
MMA Streaming VPN
-
F1 Streaming VPN
-
MotoGP Streaming VPN
Blog
Log in
UrbanVPN Privacy Policy
[Last Updated: October 31, 2022]
First and foremost, before we dive into the legal details of our privacy policy we wish to make it clear - We
do not want to know your identity or any other personal information about you and we do not collect data to
try and figure out who you are
We don’t require registration of any kind in order to use our services
Of
course, we do provide all of the regular privacy policy information to which you are entitled, and we will get
to that in a minute
But in case you do not have the time or patience to read through the whole policy, we want
to repeat and make that point perfectly clear: We do not want to know your identity, preferences or any
information about you personally
Any data collected from you simply by your use of our product will never be
used to figure out who you are or to send you targeted ads, and will not be shared with or sold to any other
parties for those purposes.
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") governs the manner in which we process information
collected
from our users ("you", "your" or "user") in connection with their access to or
use of our website available at: https://www.urban-vpn.com
("Website") and our products ("Products"): (I) Urban VPN browser extensions, Urban Adblocker
browser
extensions, Urban Shield browser extension and Urban Anti-Malware Safe Browsing extension (collectively
"Extensions")
(II) Urban VPN mobile application available on iOS and Android ("Mobile App") and
(III) Urban VPN
Desktop EXE software for Windows and Mac ("Desktop App") all as detailed and defined in our
Terms of Use
("Terms").
All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the
Terms
This Privacy Policy explains what information we may collect, how such information may be used or shared
with others, how we safeguard it and how you may exercise your rights related to your Personal Data (as such
term is defined below), among others, and where applicable, as required according to the EU General Data
Protection Regulation ("GDPR").
The use of information received from Google API will adhere to the Chrome Web Store User Data Policy
including the Limited Use requirements.
If you have any questions or requests regarding the processing of your Personal Data, or would
otherwise like to contact us in connection with this Policy, please send us an email to:
privacy@urban-vpn.com
1
Amendments
Except as otherwise described herein, we may at our sole discretion and at any time amend the terms of this
Privacy Policy
Such changes shall be effective upon publication of the amended terms in this Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of the Services, following the amendment of the Privacy Policy, constitutes your
acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy
The last revision will be reflected in the
"Last Updated" heading above
In the event of a material change we will make a reasonable effort to provide a
notification of such change
We recommend that you periodically review this Privacy Policy, as it may be subject
to amendments from time to time.
2
Data we collect and purpose of use
The first type of information we collect is aggregated, non-identifiable, non-personal
information,
which may be made available or gathered via the user's use of the Service ("Non-Personal Data").
We
are not aware of the identity of the user from which the Non-Personal Data was collected
Non-Personal Data may
include technical information automatically transmitted by the user's device such as, type of browser, the type
of operating system, access time and date, approximate geographical location, etc.
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information
that
identifies an individual or entity or may with reasonable effort identify an individual ("Personal
Data").
The table below details the Personal Data collected by us, how it is used, and our legal basis for data
processing
Note that, under the GDPR we are considered of the Data Controller of the data we collect.
What type of data we collect?
How do we use it?
Lawful Basis
We may collect certain Online Identifiers: Agent Id, UDID, machine ID (such as Android ID) and your
IP address ("Online Identifiers").
We will use your IP address to provide the Services as well as to extract the approximate geographical
location (i.e., country)
We need this information to provide the VPN services, among others.
Performance of a contract.
We place cookies on our Website (as further detailed below under Section 5) in order to process Online
Identifiers as well as additional information regarding your engagement with the Website
"Website Online
Identifiers").
We will use such Website Online Identifiers in order to perform research, conduct associated analytical
and statistical activities developing our business and for marketing and purposes.
Consent through cookie notice or other notice.
We may collect your web browsing data, which includes search engine results page, web pages visited, clicked
stream data, information about the content that was viewed – the ad campaign, information about where the
content was viewed (website or the app or extension) ("Web Browsing Data").
Note that, in most cases the data detailed above is aggregated Non-Personal Data, however, sometimes Web
Browsing Data contains terms that could be considered as Personal Data, this is why we filter and scrape
this data to remove any Personal Data before it is used.
We do not track or collect information about users' activities across sites or applications, meaning we
do not cross information from different apps, websites, your computer, tablet or mobile device.
We will use this data for the purpose of operating and providing our Services, for example, in order to
create a black listing of target websites and provide the "Safe Browsing Mode" alerts feature, blocking ads,
as well as for internal operation purposes and enhancing the Services.
We will further use filtered Web Browsing Data in an aggregated, anonymized manner, for marketing
research and commercial use
It is important you understand, we are not interested in knowing who you are,
target or profile you
We are interested in completely anonymous insight of how webpages and ads are
viewed, whether and when they are clicked ("Insights") and we share these Insights with our partners.
These Insights help our partners in their market research and their digital measurements
For example, it
helps our partners understand how certain ads and websites are engaged
Our interest in not to produce
insight regarding your specific usage but create an aggregated insights regarding the engagement of users
with websites.
The Web Browsing Data is used for performance of a contract.
The Insights do not contain any Personal Data and thus do not require a lawful basis
We generally do not
(and cannot) identify, or attempt to identify, the individuals about whom we collect the Browsing Data or
through the derived Insights.
If you voluntarily contact us, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your
name and email address.
We will use this data solely to provide you with the support you have requested or response to your
inquiry
We may process the contact history to improve our services, as well as resolve disputes.
We may send you email marketing materials regarding the Services you are currently using or any services
we may offer in the future ("Direct Marketing").
Our legitimate interests
Direct Marketing is subject to our legitimate interest, you may opt-out at any time from certain
correspondence.
From time to time we may offer Premium Plans, and in such events you may be required to provide our
third-party service providers with additional information such as Card Number, Cardholder Name, etc.
In such events, We may use the following payment service providers ("PSP"):
Google Pay: Google Pay - Learn
What the Google Pay App Is & How To Use It which its privacy policy is
available here.
Apple Pay: https://www.apple.com/apple-pay/
which its privacy policy is available here.
We do not store or process any of your payment details
We employ third party payment processors and thus,
your payment details will be subject to such third-party payment processors privacy practices.
Performance of a contract.
Android Permissions:
If you choose to use our active "safe browsing" feature available on our Mobile App you will be required to
enable the accessibility permission ("Permission")
can disable the Permission at any time
"Safe Browsing Mode" by enabling us to block unwanted websites or apps.
To access the Permission, you will need to actively and explicitly enable it through an in-app
permission
or the mobile settings
You, therefore the lawful basis is consent
You may withdraw your consent at any
time but please note if you disable, the "Safe Mode" feature will not operate properly.
IP Address and Network Resources
The Desktop App is a community product and thus, to receive the services, we will collect this data and
provide the Residential IP to other users in the community, the same way that you receive them.
Performance of contract.
3
How we collect your information?
We collect the above data from you, in the following ways:
When you voluntarily choose to provide us with information, e.g., when you contact us.
Automatically, when you use our Services, for example, when you use the Website, we may assign your
device with a Java Script code and when you use our Mobile App (for Android), and wish to use the "Safe
Browsing Mode" we may collect your Web Browsing Data through the Android accessibility services feature as
described below.
4
With whom do we share information?
We share your data with third parties, including our service providers that help us provide our Services
You
can find here information about the categories of such third-party recipients
CATEGORY OF RECIPIENT
DATA THAT WILL BE SHARED
PURPOSE OF SHARING
Affiliated Company
business partners and customers
Insights
We will share the Insights we produce with our affiliated company, business partners and customers which
includes marketing and data analytics companies for commercial purposes
The data we share for this purpose
shall not include any Personal Data and will include only aggregated data.
Trusted Agents and Service Providers
All data
We may disclose Personal Data to our trusted agents (such as legal counsel) and service providers
(including, but not limited to, our Cloud Service Provider, Analytics Service Provider, fraud and security
detection providers etc.) so that they can perform the requested services on our behalf
These providers are
prohibited from using your Personal Data for any purposes other than providing us with requested services.
When we share information with services providers, we ensure they only have access to such information that
is strictly necessary for us to provide the Services
These parties are required to secure the data they
receive and to use the data for pre-agreed purposes only while ensuring compliance with all applicable data
protection regulations (such service providers may use other non-personal data for their own benefit).
Any acquirer of our business
All data
We may share Personal Data, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g., sale of a substantial part of
our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale)
In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or
acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Policy.
Legal and law enforcement
Subject to law enforcement authority request.
We may disclose certain data to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in
response to a verified request relating to terror acts, criminal investigations or alleged illegal activity
or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other user to legal liability, and solely to the
extent necessary to comply with such purpose.
We reserve the right to use, disclose or transfer (for business purposes or otherwise) aggregated and processed
Non-Personal Data to third parties, including, inter alia, affiliates, for various purposes including commercial
use
This information may be collected, processed and analyzed by us and transferred in a combined, collectively
and aggregated manner (i.e., your information is immediately aggregated with other users) to third parties
Cookies & Tracking Technologies
When you use our Website, we or our third-party service providers may use cookies and other similar tracking
technologies or methods of web and mobile analysis to gather, store, and track certain information related to
your access of, activity and interaction with our Website
You can find out more information about cookies at
www.allaboutcookies.org.
A "cookie" is a small piece of information that a website assigns to your device while you access such
website.
Cookies are very helpful and may be used for a variety of different purposes
These purposes include help
customize your experience, provide us with analytics and for advertising purposes (including personalized
advertising).
Note that we do not combine the information collected through the use of third-party tools with any Personal
Data collected from you
You may remove Cookies by following the instructions on your device governing the
setting of your preferences
Our Cookies do not enable any access to or inspection of other information on your
device
If you wish to be notified of when Cookies are placed on your device, you may set your web browser to
provide such notices.
The third-party cookies used on our Site are as follows:
Cookie
Purpose
Privacy Policy/Opt Out
Google Analytics
Analytical and Performance
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
https://policies.google.com/technologies/managing?hl=en
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
For additional information regarding our use of Google products, click here.
Google Ads
Targeting and Advertising
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
For additional information of our use of Google products, click here.
Facebook
Analytic, Performance and Targeting and Advertising
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/?sId=eead84c9-01f3-4402-b1b2-b19dc38ba2e7
Microsoft
Targeting and Advertising
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
Matomo
Analytic and Performance
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/
Bing
Targeting and Advertising cookies
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or
receive a warning before a cookie is stored
However, if you block or erase cookies your online experience may
be limited.
Please see the following links for more information with respect to how you can block or erase cookies via your
particular browser: Google
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge;
Opera.
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or
receive a warning before a cookie is stored
You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies
associated with our Services, or to indicate when a cookie is being used by us, by adjusting the privacy and
security settings of your web browser
Please refer to the support page of your browser to learn more about how
you can adjust your privacy and security settings.
Additionally, you may opt out of certain Advertisers’ cookies and browser-enabled, interest-based advertising at
the Network Advertising Initiative’s ("NAI") website - NAI consumer opt-out and
the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
("DAA") website - DAA opt-out page.
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT")
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to
inform
websites that you do not want to be tracked
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences
or Settings page of your web browser.
5
Data retention
We retain the information we collect as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all in
accordance with applicable laws
We may at our sole discretion, delete or amend information from our systems,
without providing any notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for our purposes.
6
User Rights
We acknowledge that different people have different privacy concerns and preferences
Our goal is to be clear
about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used
We provide you
with the ability to exercise certain choices, rights and controls in connection with your information
Depending
on your relationship with us, data protection and privacy laws provide you with some of the following principal
rights regarding your Personal Data, including (and depending on your jurisdiction): The right to access your
Personal Data that we process
The right to ensure your Personal Data is accurate, complete and up to date
The
right to have your Personal Data amended (by correcting, deleting or adding information)
The right to object to
the processing of your Personal Data, to the extent applicable
The right to withdraw consent, subject to legal
or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice
Right to Non-Discrimination and the right to cease sharing or
selling your information as such term is defined under the California Privacy Regulations such as the CCPA (as
further detailed in the CCPA notice below).
You may exercise any or all of your above rights in relation to your Personal Data by filling out the Data
Subject Request ("DSR") form available
here, and send it to
privacy@urban-vpn.com
Further, certain rights are available within the App: you may correct, revise and delete information from the
App settings at any time, any consent provided may be easily withdraw, therefore we recommend you use the
technical solutions we have provided you with to exercise your rights.
7
Data Security
While there are inherent risks involved in all data transmissions over the Internet or wireless networks, and
other security risks that apply to stored data, and we therefore cannot guarantee the security of your
information, we use our best efforts, using industry-standard encryption and security technologies and methods,
to collect and store information collected from you in a secure and safe manner.
8
Children Information
You represent and warrant that you are (I) at least sixteen (16) years of age if you are located in the EEA
or
(II) if you are located in any other geography and you are above the age defined as "child" under applicable
laws in your jurisdiction (collectively "Child" or "Children")
If you are under 18, please be sure to read the
terms of this Privacy Policy with your parents or legal guardians
The Services are not directed or intended for
Children, as defined under applicable law, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from children.
If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is considered as a Child under applicable law, we will take
steps to immediately delete its Personal Data
We request that such individuals do not provide Personal Data
through the Services.
If you become aware or have any reason to believe that a Child has shared any information with us, please
contact us (as detailed below) and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is immediately
deleted from our files.
9
Transfer of Data
We may process or store Personal Data within the EEA, US, and internationally
In the event of data transfer
out of your jurisdiction, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your Personal Data receives an
adequate level of protection as required under applicable law
Further, when Personal Data collected within the
EU is transferred outside the EU (and not to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided
provides adequate protection) it shall be transferred in accordance with the provisions of the standard
contractual clauses approved by the European Union.
10
Additional Rights of California Users
California residents have certain additional rights, pursuant to California privacy laws, including the CCPA.
Under the CCPA, "Personal Information" is defined as any information that identifies, relates to, describes,
references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a
particular consumer, household or device
The categories of Personal Information that we collect (and has
collected within the last 12 months), are detailed in the table below
Please note that, under the CCPA Personal
Information does not include: publicly available information from government records and de identified or
aggregated consumer information, information excluded from the CCPA’s scope (e.g., health or medical information
covered by applicable laws such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA))
and
information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws (e.g., the California Financial Information Privacy
Act (FIPA)).
As required under the CCPA, we will update this Privacy Notice every 12 months
The last revision
date
will be
reflected in the "Recently Updated" heading located at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Note that the term "sale" is defined broadly in the CCPA to include any exchange of data for consideration of
any kind.
Category
Do we collect this data?
Do we disclosure this data for a business purpose?
A
Identifiers.
Yes
Yes
B
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal
Civ
Code §
1798.80(e)).
Yes
Yes
C
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
No
No
D
Commercial information.
No
No
E
Biometric information.
No
No
F
Internet or other similar network activity.
Yes
Yes
G
Geolocation data.
Yes
No
H
Sensory data.
No
No
I
Professional or employment-related information.
No
No
J
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C
Section
1232g, 34 C.F.R
Part 99)).
No
No
K
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
No
No
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold Personal Information.
We offer all consumers the same ability to opt-out of the sale of their personal information that is available
to California residents under the CCPA
Based on the CCPA’s broad definition of "sale", certain data collected
on our site and applications by third parties for purposes of interest-based advertising and social media tools
may be a "sale" under the CCPA
You may opt out through the links provided above under the
"Cookie" section, or by using our DSR Form.
As required under the CCPA, we will update our Privacy Policy every 12 months
The last revision
date will be
reflected in the "Last Updated" heading located at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Further, please note, any commercial use we make of the Insights is filtered of any Personal Information and
are not identified
As mentioned above, we are not interested in knowing who you are or any information related
to you or your browsing activities, we are interested in understanding how websites are used, which links are
clicked, etc.
11
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy issues, or if you wish to be provided with any other
information related to our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Urban Cyber Security Inc.501 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY,
10036.
You can also contact our privacy team at:
privacy@urban-vpn.com.
Protect Your Privacy with Urban VPN
Download Urban VPN to enjoy complete online security and privacy while hiding IP address.
Free Download
Products
Free Browser Extensions
Free Urban AdBlocker
Free Facebook AdBlocker
Free Youtube™ AdBlocker
Free Anti Malware Protection
Free Hotspot Shield
Free VPN for Windows
Free Android VPN
Free IPhone VPN
Free Mac VPN
Free Unblock Proxy
Free Netflix VPN
Free Disney VPN
Free Instagram VPN
Hide my IP
Free PC/Laptop VPN
Free Twitter VPN
Free Craigslist VPN
Free Reddit VPN
Free Tumblr VPN
Free Roblox VPN
Free Travel VPN
Free Gaming VPN
-
Free VPN for PUBG
-
Free VPN for Free Fire
-
Free VPN for Mobile Legends
-
Free VPN for Warzone
-
Free VPN for Gameloop
Free Amazon Fire TV Stick
Chrome Proxy Settings
IP location
Random Password Generator
Free Router IP Address VPN
DNS Leak
WebRTC Leak
Free Sports Streaming VPN
-
Soccer Streaming VPN
-
NBA Streaming VPN
-
IPL Streaming VPN
-
NFL Streaming VPN
-
MLB Streaming VPN
-
NHL Streaming VPN
-
UFC Streaming VPN
-
MMA Streaming VPN
-
F1 Streaming VPN
-
MotoGP Streaming VPN
Features
Anonymous browsing
ISP throttling
Server locations
Unblock any website
Unlimited bandwidth
Unlimited devices
Unlimited VPN
About
Compliance Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
User Rights
Data Subject Request Form
Why free?
Do not sell
Glossary
Urban-VPN for Business
Blog
VPN Free Extension for Browsers
Free Apps and Software
macOS
VPN Locations
North America
Asia
Central America
Middle East
Europe
South America
Oceania
Africa
© 2022 Urban VPN
All rights reserved.
