Cookies Policy - Adpone landing
Solutions
Formats
Gallery
Company
Stories
Contact
Login
Español
Solutions
Formats
Gallery
Company
Stories
Contact
Login
Español
Cookies Policy
The following explains the technologies we use to collect information on the use of the websites on which we manage advertising, especially the use of Cookies.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a file that is downloaded to the connected device (computer, tablet, smartphone, etc…) when accessing certain web pages to store and retrieve information about the navigation that is carried out from said device.
Adpone, directly or via a third party contracted for providing measurement services, may use cookies and other similar mechanisms for storing and retrieving data from terminals («cookies») when you browse the Website to allow and facilitate your interaction with the Website.
If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the site.
Types of Cookies
By Duration
There are two main types of Cookies:
Session Cookies store temporary information that is deleted when the user leaves the page they are visiting or closes the browser.
Persistent Cookies are used to store information for a longer time and allow, among other applications, display advertising related to the user’s interests.
By entity managing the domain
First-party cookies: are sent by our web services to your computer or device and managed exclusively by Adpone.
Third-party cookies: are sent to your computer or device from a computer or domain that is not managed by Adpone, but by another collaborating entity.
By purpose
Technical cookies: They are those necessary for navigation and the proper functioning of our website
They allow, for example, control traffic and data communication, access to restricted access areas, perform the purchase process of an order, use security elements, etc.
Advertising cookies: Are those that allow us to manage, in the most efficient way, the offer of the advertising spaces that are on the website
This includes frequency control, delivery optimization, etc…
What are Cookies used for?
The use of Cookies allows us to:
Adapt and personalize the contents and services offered on the websites where we serve advertising.
Segment and control the frequency with which the ads are displayed on the websites where we serve advertising.
Cookies Website adpone.com
In the following table, you will find the cookies we use on the Adpone website:
Persistent Cookies
NAME
DESCRIPTION
DURATION
TYPE
pubconsent
localeuconsent
localpubconsent
Consent Management Platform – Stores the consent preferences provided by the user.
1 year
Technical
Third-party Cookies
These are cookies from other companies that are dedicated to analyze which parts of the web you visit, which advertising can be sent to you according to your interests, and if you have connected to a social network
PROVIDER
DESCRIPTION
DURATION
INFORMATION
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is the analysis tool that helps website and application owners understand how visitors interact with their properties
This tool can use a set of cookies to collect information and provide statistics on the use of websites without personally identifying Google visitors.
Analytics
Google Analytics
Adpone Advertising Cookies
In the following table, you will find the cookies we use during the delivery of our advertising campaigns:
Session Cookies
NAME
DESCRIPTION
DURATION
TYPE
SSID
Allows maintaining session variables necessary for the correct functioning of our advertising system.
Session
Technical
Deactivation or elimination of cookies.
To disable or delete cookies on your computer you can click below on the type of browser you use and will explain the steps you have to follow to do so.
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari Edit → Preferences → Privacy → Block cookies (select «always»).
Opera
Safari (IOS)
Contact an expert to learn how to increase your website’s revenue.
Get in touch!
Adpone is an advertising technology company operating worldwide.
info@adpone.com
34 934 63 63 64
C
Còrsega 329 6th floor, 2nd door
08037 Barcelona, Spain
View in Google Maps
2655 Le Jeune Road, Suite 810
Coral Gables
Miami, Florida 33134
View in Google Maps
17 Fleet Street, 2nd floor
London, EC4Y 1AA
View in Google Maps
FOLLOW US
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
