Cookie Policy - Captivate.fm Podcast Hosting, Analytics & Marketing
Free Podcast CourseHow to Start a PodcastFeatures & PricingResources Help Centre Status Affiliate Programme Blog YouTube Changelog Podcast InsiderStart Your Free Trial NowLog In
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer (if you consent to us using cookies)
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer or device hard drive.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website
This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
Our cookies help us to:
Make our website work smoothly as you would expect
Save you having to log in every time you visit the site
Remember your settings during and between visits
Offer you content
Improve the speed and security of the site
Allow you to share pages easily across social media networks
Continuously improve our website
Make our marketing more efficient
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are consenting to this
Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Website Function Cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Determining if you are logged in or not
Allowing you to view and add information to the site
Tailoring content to your needs
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g
Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc
This helps us to continuously improve our website
These so-called “analytics” programs also tell us how people reached this site (e.g
from a search engine) and whether they have been here before.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Vimeo
Vimeo
We embed videos from Vimeo
When you press play, Vimeo will drop third party cookies to enable the video to play and to collect analytics data such as how long a viewer has watched the video
These cookies do not track individuals.
Stripe
Stripe
Stripe is an online payment service
We use this service to process payments taken through our website
Stripe session cookies may remain on a device for up to a year after you leave our website.
.my.captivate.fm
Session
A session cookie contains information that is stored in a temporary memory location and then subsequently deleted after the session is completed or the web browser is closed.
.my.captivate.fm
AddToAny
This cookie is used to provide the social sharing by helping people share content.
.my.captivate.fm
DoubleClick
DoubleClick is a business owned by Google that makes it money from online advertisers and publishers
This is done by: Ad-serving
Online publishers use DoubleClick to display adverts on their websites
.my.captivate.fm
GetClicky
Web statistics tool
.google.co.uk
Google Analytics
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site
Used to store visitor-level custom variable data.
.affiliate.captivate.fm & tapfiliate.com
Tapfiliate
Tapfiliate is an affiliate platform used to track link clicks from affiliates and attribute sales to the correct party.
.intercom.com
Intercom is a support, help and live chat platform that we use to provide support to logged-out leads and logged-in users.
Other Technologies
If you register to receive updates from us by email, you will receive emails which will contain a web beacon
This will take the form of a small, transparent image, which is embedded in each email
It will be used to send information such as your IP address, when each email was viewed, from what device and from which geo-location
We use information about email usage to compile reports and to help us to improve our communications.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies
However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 3 years.
Your Consent
By using our website, you agree that we can place both essential and non-essential cookies on your device.
If you would like to block cookies from our website then you can set your browser to do so, by following the instructions on this page.
If you share the use of a device, accepting or rejecting the use of cookies will affect all users of that device.
Contact Us
If you have any queries concerning our use of your personal information, please email support@captivate.fm
© 2022 Captivate Audio Ltd.
All rights reserved worldwide.
Captivate's Twitter account
Captivate Facebook page
Captivate's Instagram account
Blog
Changelog
System Status
Affiliates
Features & Pricing
How to Start a Podcast
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Listeners
Cookie Policy
Captivate is made with  in the UK
Log In
Start Your Free Trial Now
Free Podcast Course
How to Start a Podcast
Features & Pricing
Help Centre
Status
Affiliate Programme
Blog
YouTube
Changelog
Podcast Insider
