Cookie Policy of appuals.com
Cookie Policy of appuals.com
This document informs Users about the technologies that help appuals.com to achieve the purposes described below
Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with appuals.com.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.
For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker
For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent, depending on the applicable law
Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Appuals.com uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers)
Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider
Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
Activities strictly necessary for the operation of appuals.com and delivery of the Service
Appuals.com uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.
Third-party Trackers
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows appuals.com to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented
Their function is to filter  communications between appuals.com and the User's browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.
Cloudflare (Cloudflare)
Cloudflare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc.
The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through appuals.com, i.e., communication between appuals.com and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from appuals.com to be collected.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Other activities involving the use of Trackers
Experience enhancement
Appuals.com uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of appuals.com.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments
If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content
Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Disqus (Disqus)
Disqus is a content commenting service provided by Big Heads Labs Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt out.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of appuals.com.
The interaction and information obtained through appuals.com are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on appuals.com isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   _fbp: 3 months
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   personalization_id: 2 years
Reddit button and widgets (reddit inc.)
The reddit button and widgets are services allowing interaction with the reddit platform provided by reddit inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
AddThis (Oracle Corporation)
AddThis is a service provided by Oracle Corporation, which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of appuals.com.
Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared
In this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and Usage Data on the pages where this service is installed.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   UID: 2 years __atuvc: 2 years __atuvs: 30 minutes
Measurement
Appuals.com uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics on appuals.com might use Google's Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Storage duration:   IDE: 2 years _gcl_*: 3 months test_cookie: 15 minutes
Anonymized analytics services
The services contained in this section allow the Owner, through the use of third-party Trackers, to collect and manage analytics in an anonymized form.
Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc
(“Google”)
Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of appuals.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address
It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area
Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Storage duration:   AMP_TOKEN: 1 hour _ga: 2 years _gac*: 3 months _gat: 1 minute _gid: 1 day
Targeting & Advertising
Appuals.com uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads.
Some of the advertising services used by the Owner adhere to the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework, an initiative that facilitates responsible privacy practices across the digital advertising industry - providing Users with enhanced transparency and control over how their data are used for advertising tracking purposes
Users can customize their advertising preferences at any time by accessing the advertising preferences panel from within the cookie notice or via the relevant link on appuals.com.
Appuals.com participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies
Appuals.com uses iubenda (identification number 123) as a Consent Management Platform.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes
These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on appuals.com, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose
Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e
displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside appuals.com
For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking
In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Google AdSense (Google LLC)
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google LLC
This service uses the “DoubleClick” Cookie, which tracks use of appuals.com and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Users may decide to disable all the DoubleClick Cookies by going to: Google Ad Settings.
In order to understand Google's use of data, consult Google's partner policy.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Storage duration:   AID: 2 years ANID: 2 years Conversion: 3 months DSID: 14 days FCNEC: 1 year FLC: 10 seconds FPAU: 3 months FPGCLAW: 3 months FPGCLDC: 3 months FPGCLGB: 3 months IDE: 2 years NID: 6 months RUL: 1 year TAID: 14 days __gads: 2 years __gsas: 2 years _gac_: 3 months _gac_gb_: 3 months _gcl_au: 3 months _gcl_aw: 3 months _gcl_dc: 3 months _gcl_gb: 3 months _gcl_gf: 3 months _gcl_ha: 3 months id: 2 years test_cookie: 15 minutes
FlexOffers.com (FlexOffers.com, LLC)
FlexOffers.com is an advertising service provided by FlexOffers.com, LLC.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   __cfruid: 1 hour __zlcmid: 2 years _ga: 2 years _gat_UA-6689405-5: 1 minute _gat_UA-83614686-1: 1 minute _gat_gtag_UA_6689405_1: 1 minute _gid: 1 day _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress: 30 minutes _hjFirstSeen: 30 minutes _hjIncludedInPageviewSample: 83 years _hjIncludedInSessionSample: 2 minutes _hjSessionUser_2899659: 2 years _hjSession_2899659: 30 minutes cf_chl_prog: 1 hour
Mediavine (Mediavine, Inc.)
Mediavine is an advertising service provided by Mediavine, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Tracker and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt out.
Storage duration:   _pbjs_userid_consent_data: 1 month addtlConsent: indefinite centro: 14 days criteo: 14 days euconsent-v2: 1 year mediavine_session: 30 minutes mv_cmp_version: 1 year mv_tokens: indefinite mv_tokens_invalidate-verizon-pushes: indefinite usprivacy: duration of the session
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.0)
The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website
Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website.First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting
A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting
Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising
Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache
The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache
For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at All About Cookies.Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features
Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site
In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website.The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads:IP AddressOperating System typeOperating System versionDevice TypeLanguage of the websiteWeb browser typeEmail (in hashed form)Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements
Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers and apps
This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website
Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising.If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit National Advertising Initiative opt out page
You may also visit Digital Advertising Alliance website and Network Advertising Initiative website to learn more information about interest-based advertising
You may download the AppChoices app at Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit Mediavine Partners.
Commercial affiliation
This type of service allows appuals.com to display advertisements for third-party products or services
Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics.
Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with appuals.com.
For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.
Amazon Affiliation (Amazon)
Amazon Affiliation is a commercial affiliation service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
CJ Affiliate by Conversant (Conversant, Inc.)
CJ Affiliate by Conversant is a commercial affiliation service provided by Conversant, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   cje: 2 years
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of appuals.com.
The interaction and information obtained through appuals.com are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on appuals.com isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   _fbp: 3 months
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter, Inc.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   personalization_id: 2 years
Reddit button and widgets (reddit inc.)
The reddit button and widgets are services allowing interaction with the reddit platform provided by reddit inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
AddThis (Oracle Corporation)
AddThis is a service provided by Oracle Corporation, which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of appuals.com.
Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared
In this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and Usage Data on the pages where this service is installed.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy.
Storage duration:   UID: 2 years __atuvc: 2 years __atuvs: 30 minutes
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
OneSignal (Lilomi, Inc.)
OneSignal is a message sending service  provided by Lilomi, Inc.
OneSignal allows the Owner to send messages  and notifications to Users across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web
Messages can be sent to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User segments.
Depending on the permissions granted to appuals.com, the Data collected may also include precise location (i.e
GPS-level data) or WiFi information, apps installed and enabled on the User's device
Appuals.com uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the OneSignal service.
The Data collected may be used by the service provider for interest-based advertising, analytics and market research
In order to understand OneSignal's use of Data, consult OneSignal's privacy policy.
Push notifications opt-out
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on the particular device.
Interest-based advertising opt-out
Users may opt-out of OneSignal advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones.
Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these indicated settings work.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, email address, geographic position, language, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example), Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt out.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows appuals.com and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of appuals.com by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Remarketing with Google Analytics (Google LLC)
Remarketing with Google Analytics is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC  that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Google Ads advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –  Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
Storage duration:   test_cookie: 15 minutes IDE: 2 years _gcl_*: 3 months
Activities that do not fit the above categorizations
Commercial Affiliation
This type of service allows appuals.com to display advertisements for third-party products or services
Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics.Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with appuals.com.For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.Reimage LtdReimage provides patented PC Repair Products.Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: Cyprus – Privacy PolicyKromtech Alliance CorpPrivacy Policy
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent
There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Locating Tracker Settings
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings and look for the relevant setting).
How to opt out of interest-based advertising
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services
Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools
The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Consequences of denying consent
Users are free to decide whether or not to grant consent
However, please note that Trackers help appuals.com to provide a better experience and advanced functionalities to Users (in line with the purposes outlined in this document)
Therefore, in the absence of the User's consent, the Owner may be unable to provide related features.
Owner and Data Controller
Appuals | Unit 21234, PO Box 7169, Dear Hay Ln, Poole, BH15 9EL, UK
Owner contact email: privacy@appuals.com
Since the use of third-party Trackers through appuals.com cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative
In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by appuals.com.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through appuals.com (or third-party services employed in appuals.com), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use appuals.com, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using appuals.com who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of appuals.com
The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of appuals.com.
appuals.com (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by appuals.com as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art
13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to appuals.com, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: May 23, 2022
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy
